BSCS FINAL PROJECT<Design and Test Specification><Project Title>Project Advisor<Advisor Name>Presented by: Group ID: xxxxxxxStudent Reg#			Student NameFaculty of Information Technology & Computer ScienceUniversity of Central PunjabDesign and Test Specification SDP Phase III<Project Name>Advisor: <Advisor Name>Team <Team #>Member NamePrimary ResponsibilityTable of ContentsTable of Contents	iRevision History	iiPrevious Phases Feedback	iiAbstract	iii1.	Introduction	11.1	Product	11.2	Background	11.3	Objective(s)/Aim(s)/Target(s)	11.4	Scope	11.5	Business Goals	11.6	Document Conventions	11.7	Miscellaneous	12.	Technical Architecture	22.1	Application and Data Architecture	22.2	Component Interactions and Collaborations	22.3	Design Reuse and Design Patterns	32.4	Technology Architecture	32.5	Architecture Evaluation	33.	Detailed/Component Design	43.1	Component-Component Interface	43.2	Component-External Entities Interface	43.3	Component-Human Interface	44.	Screenshots/Prototype	44.1	Workflow	44.2	Screens	44.3	Additional Information	45.	Other Design Details	56.	Test Specification and Results	56.1	Test Case Specification	56.2	Summary of Test Results	67.	Revised Project Plan	68.	References	7Appendix A: Glossary	8Appendix B: IV & V Report	9Revision HistoryNameDateReason For ChangesVersionPrevious Phases FeedbackIdea Defence Feedback (Screenshot)Phase 2 (SDS) Feedback (Screenshot)AbstractAbstract gives the summary of your project. You should focus on the problem description, significance of the problem, knowledge areas to be used and the results to be acquired. Make sure it does not turn out to be an introduction to the introduction / background but summarizes the whole project.Introduction<This complete section should be an improved version of the introduction provided in previous phases of the project. It is expected that there will be more details available at this stage to provide this section>Product<Provide a short description of the software being specified. State the problem being solved. Also state whether the end product will be a program that applies certain algorithms to some application, a tool that is end product of a research, a dataset, a simulator developed as a result of research, an animated movie developed using graphics techniques, a system that achieves better performance than its competitors, or a software package that is useful in certain application etc.>Background<Describe the previous work done in particular domain. You should make sure to relate the previous work to your project. Compare your application/work with others and differentiate your work from others’. Also, include the related projects from the list of previous projects provided by the Project Office.>Objective(s)/Aim(s)/Target(s)< Objectives are the final results to be achieved after the completion of your project. The objectives must be explicitly stated. The objectives should be achievable in the stipulated time period. Do not be too ambitious and, at the same time, must conform to your program level. These shall not be too many. Research objectives tell what will be the contribution of your project in the area you are working on?>Scope< Describe the scope of the product that is covered.>Business Goals<List all the business/corporate goals addressed by this software.>Document Conventions<Describe any standards or typographical conventions that were followed when writing this SRS, such as fonts or highlighting that have special significance. For example, state whether italicized nouns represent external systems.>Miscellaneous< Provide any other information, which you feel, will be helpful in organizing and conduct of the project work.>Technical Architecture< Improve the technical architecture of the current system provided in SDS. Include a high-level architecture diagram that highlights major subsystems and components.><This section should be an improved version of the section provided in SDS. Also, this section should answer the questions similar to the following:Is the system custom-built? COTS?What type of processing is the current system responsible for?Batch and/or online Transaction processing and/or analytical reportingWhat are the major application components?What data does the current system collect and manage?What is the basic application architecture (layered, client/server, etc.)?What programming language is the current system built in? What is the hardware platform that supports the current system?What database platform supports the current system?Does the system have an end-user interface? If so, what type of user interface? (e.g., browser based, thick client)?What is the basic network architecture (e.g., available on LAN, WAN, Internet)?Where is the system hosted (e.g., Enterprise Data Center, Other CMS Data Center, External Data Center)?><You do not need to answer these questions one by one. Answers of these questions are expected in this document. You should provide different design models/diagrams/tabular structures in this document to answer these or similar questions. In the coming subsections, this section should:Identify application components, data components, and interfacing systems Illustrate the collaboration and interaction between the major components Identify any relevant design patterns or reuse relevant to the designIdentify tools and technologies used>Application and Data Architecture<Describe the application components and/or processing units in the architecture diagram above. Complete logical or physical model is expected. Diagrams/Tools that may be provided in this section include Component Diagram, ER Diagram, Class Diagram (with complete inheritance, composition, and association details), Activity Diagram, Decision Table etc. All these diagrams should have more details than the details provided in Phase 1 of the SDP. Research based projects may provide complete design of the proposed system. Describe each diagram briefly.>Component Interactions and Collaborations<Provide interactions and collaborations between your system components/processing units. Diagrams/Tools that may be provided in this section include Design Level Sequence Diagram, Collaboration Diagram, Event Traces, Detailed DFD, Activity Diagram etc. All these diagrams should have more details than the details provided in Phase 1 of the SDP. Describe each diagram briefly.>	Design Reuse and Design Patterns<Identify and state any reuse during development of the system>Technology Architecture	<Describe the anticipated infrastructure that will be required to support the application and information architecture. At this point in the project, focus on describing the technology architecture at a high level only. In this section provide details regarding platform, system hosting, connectivity requirements, modes of operations etc.>Architecture Evaluation	<Describe the reason(s) behind the decision related to selection of infrastructure/technology being used. Discuss pros and cons of the selected technology/infrastructure and the alternative technology/infrastructure. For example why have your group selected a particular API from a list of APIs? Why have your group preferred a particular framework over an alternative framework.>Detailed/Component Design<In this section provide details of the types of interactions and collaborations required in your project. Also elaborate the interactions already described in section 2.2. Tools such as deployment diagram, class diagram (with complete design details), database schema, design level sequence diagram, state diagram, petrinets etc. may be used to provide all the details. Any design principles being followed during the projects may be mentioned and described in this section.> Component-Component Interface<Describe how do the components of your system interact. Sequence diagram, collaboration diagrams may help>Component-External Entities Interface< Express the communication between components of your system and components of other systems such as NADRA system, bank, credit card verification system, third party multi game server etc. Use appropriate diagram to show the interaction in a better manner.>Component-Human Interface< Provide the list of screens/points that receive/provide input/output from/to user. Describe any HCI related norms followed in your project. Further details regarding the interface may be provided in the next section>Screenshots/Prototype <This complete section should be an improved version of the section presented in SDS>Workflow<Describe complete workflow of your system. Swim-lane diagram may be used. This section should be an improved version of the section presented in SDS>Screens< Include all screenshots of your improved software application’s graphical user interface.>Additional Information<Any additional information>Other Design Details<Describe any design details not covered in previous sections. Add subsections as required. There can be details regarding Research Oriented, Game Oriented, or Hardware based projects that have not been covered in this document before, those details can be provided in this section. For example research based projects may use this section to present their results and analysis; hardware based projects may use this section to describe interface dependencies and issues etc.>Test Specification and ResultsTest Case Specification< Fill out the following template for each test case. Provide separate tables for input data with each test case if applicable. Research based projects may need to replace this test specification with their own test mechanism.>Table 6.1: TC-1IdentifierTC-1Related requirements(s)<Include use-case identifier(s) for functional requirement(s) and SRS section/sub-section number(s) for other requirement(s).>Short description…Pre-condition(s)…Input data…Detailed steps…Expected result(s)…Post-condition(s)…Actual result(s)Test Case ResultSummary of Test Results<Provide in tabular form the defects found in each of your software modules. For example see Table 6.2 below.>Table 6.2: Summary of Test ResultsModule NameTest cases runNumber of defects found Number of defects corrected so farNumber of defects still need to be correctedModule 1 (for example Bill Calculation Module, Speech Processing UnitTC1, TC2,…Module 2…Module 3………………Complete System<Sum all of the above><Sum all of the above><Sum all of the above><Sum all of the above>Revised Project Plan<Show your progress and provide current status of the project in accordance with the plan provided in project proposal. Gantt chart should be used in this regard. Use Microsoft Office to develop the Gantt chart. Also provide an updated project plan. Provide list of modules that have been completed and the modules that still need more work. Use table 7.1 for this purpose.>Table 6.2: Project Completion StatusModule NameStatus (Complete, Partially Implemented, Not Implemented)Module 1 (for example Bill Calculation Module, Speech Processing UnitModule 2…Module 3…Complete System…References<List all books, conference papers, journal articles, websites, etc. used in preparing the content of this document. Provide enough information so that the reader could access a copy of each reference, including title, author, volume/edition number, page number(s), and publication year. Mention complete URLs for websites.>Appendix A: Glossary<Define all the terms necessary to properly interpret the SDS, including acronyms and abbreviations.>Appendix B: IV & V Report(Independent verification & validation)IV & V ResourceName										SignatureS#Defect DescriptionOrigin StageStatusFix TimeHoursMinutes123…Table 1: List of non-trivial defectsThis document has been adapted from the following:Previous project templates at UCPHigh-level Technical Design, Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services. (www.cms.gov)