 University of Central Punjab  
 BSCS FINAL PROJECT 
Software Design Specification 
 
SPORTS ECOSYSTEM PLATFORM 
 
 
 
 
Project Advisor 
 
PROF SHEEZA SHABIR 
 
Presented by:  
Group ID: FYP26-CS-G22 
 
 
Student Reg#   Student Name 
 
                                 S3F22UBSCS016                                       M ANAS 
                                 S3F22UBSCS038                                     ANAS ALI 
                                 S3F22UBSCS062                                       M KAIF 
                                 S3F22UBSCS066                               SAMEER FAROOQ 
 
 
 
Faculty of Information Technology & Computer Science 
 
University of Central Punjab 

 University of Central Punjab  
Software Design Specification  
SDP Phase II 
 
SPORTS ECOSYSTEM PLATFORM 
Advisor: PROF SHEEZA SHABIR 
 
FYP26-CS-G22 
Member Name Primary Responsibility 
M ANAS(S3F22UBSCS016) Assisted in project research, documentation, 
and diagram reviews 
ANAS ALI(S3F22UBSCS038) Lead developer, main contributor to coding, 
diagrams, and SRS preparation 
M KAIF(S3F22UBSCS062) Co-developer, significant contribution to 
coding, diagrams, and testing 
SAMEER FAROOQ 
(S3F22UBSCS066) 
Assisted in testing, documentation, and final 
compilation of the project 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage i 
Table of Contents 
Table of Contents ........................................................................................................................... i 
Revision History ............................................................................................................................ ii 
Previous Phases Feedback ............................................................................................................ ii 
Abstract ...........................................................................................................................................1 
1. Introduction ..............................................................................................................................2 
1.1 Product ......................................................................................................................................... 4 
1.2 Background .................................................................................................................................. 5 
1.3 Objective(s)/Aim(s)/Target(s) ..................................................................................................... 5 
1.4 Scope ........................................................................................................................................... 6 
1.5 Business Goals ............................................................................................................................. 6 
1.6 Document Conventions ............................................................................................................... 7 
1.7 Miscellaneous .............................................................................................................................. 7 
2. Overall Description ..................................................................................................................8 
2.1 Product Features ........................................................................................................................ 10 
2.2 Functional Description .............................................................................................................. 12 
2.3 User Classes and Characteristics ............................................................................................... 13 
2.4 Design and Implementation Constraints .................................................................................... 15 
2.5 Assumptions and Dependencies ................................................................................................ 16 
3. Technical Architecture ..........................................................................................................18 
3.1 Application and Data Architecture ............................................................................................ 24 
3.2 Component Interactions and Collaborations ............................................................................. 32 
3.3 Design Reuse and Design Patterns ............................................................................................ 84 
3.4 Technology Architecture ........................................................................................................... 84 
4. Screenshots/Prototype ...........................................................................................................87 
4.1 Workflow ................................................................................................................................... 87 
4.2 Screens ....................................................................................................................................... 89 
4.3 Additional Information ............................................................................................................ 105 
5. Other Design Details ............................................................................................................105 
6. Revised Project Plan ............................................................................................................107 
7. References .............................................................................................................................108 
Appendix A: Glossary................................................................................................................109 
Appendix B: IV & V Report .....................................................................................................109 
 
 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage ii 
Revision History 
Name Date Reason For Changes Version 
    
    
 
 
 
Previous Phases Feedback 
 
Idea Defence Feedback (Screenshot) 
 
 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 1 
Abstract 
Sports management as it is developed today is very much fragmented and the players, coaches, facilities 
providers, and equipment suppliers work in decentralized channels lacking a central tie whereby they 
can coordinate their activities. Even when a player  requires a qualified coach in a sport like cricket or 
badminton, he/she has to use word -of-mouth recommendations with no means of confirming the 
qualification of the coach, or checking the quality of coaching services. The indoor property reservations 
are done manually which leads to scheduling problems which are time consuming and costly. There is 
no digital record of the performance made of the players between the sessions, and there is also no 
attendance, skill advancement, or weekly assessment. Meanwhi le, coaches find it difficult to connect 
with potential students in an effective way, business owners that sell sport equipment are completely not 
connected with their most oriented customer audience, and administrators do not have an organized 
means to monitor the activity in the platform and hold them accountable. It is a systemic obstacle that 
restricts the participation of grassroots in sports as the players lose interest when quality coaching is not 
readily available, when enough access to facilities is not guaranteed, and when performance development 
is not a tangible concept, the sports development as a whole ecosystem stall.The Sports Ecosystem 
Platform is suggested to be a centralized online platform based on web services that integrates coaching 
management, indoor ground reservation, automatic performance monitoring, and online equipment 
trading into a single integrated platform comprising of four role -based modules that include Players, 
Coaches, Business Owners and Administrators. The creation of t his system relies on such fields of 
knowledge as software requirements engineering, relational database design, web application 
architecture, role-based access control, automated recommendation logic, UML-based system modeling, 
and secure payment integration. These disciplines collaborate in creating a software solution that would 
be structured, secure and maintainable to accommodate the workflows of all the four types of actors 
within the organisation in real-time. 
On launch, the platform will provide a functioning digital ecosystem, through which players will find 
verified coaches using an automated matching engine and reserve indoor grounds in real time, monitor 
their performance and attendance weekly and buy equip ment with certified vendors on subscription. 
Sessions will be operated by coaches, players evaluated, and they will be paid securely. The owners of 
the businesses will run organized storefronts with on -demand inventory management and the 
administrators will apply verification, dispute resolution, and system-wide activity monitoring.  
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 2 
1. Introduction 
The explosion of service industries digitization that happened in the last 10 years has fundamentally 
changed the manner of access by people and management of people to professional services in virtually 
all fields. Whether it is healthcare and education or the retail and entertainment sector, digital solutions 
that rely on platforms have been offered instead of fragmented and inefficient delivery systems 
(platforms) that were based on manual workflows and results. This transformation has however, been 
left out in large in the sports and fitness industry. Irrespective of the increasing demand of these types of 
organized indoor games like cricket and badminton, the facilities that sustain sports training, coaching, 
venue accessibility, and the provision of eq uipment are all informal and disconnected and entirely 
handled manually. Players, coaches, facility managers, and equipment vendors operate individually 
without a digital environment they can share to organize their operations, formalize their relations, a nd 
measure the results in any quantifiable manner. Such lack of integration is not just a hassle but a structural 
issue that minimizes the possibility of quality coaching, likewise limits the use of facilities and eliminates 
performance accountability, as well as alienates equipment vendors to their most interested audience. 
The Sports Ecosystem Platform will serve to bridge this gap in totality. Currently, to find a qualified 
badminton or cricket coach a player have to refer informally, use social media search, or visit an academy 
physically, and has no sure way of checking the credentials of coaches, determining who is more 
knowledgeable or skilled and feedback provided by other players. Although an appropriate coach has 
been identified, a training session should be arranged through the communication back and forth that is 
not established within any system. The booking of indoor grounds is done manually leading to a lot of 
chaos in terms of scheduling, booking of facilities twice and poor use of the availab le facilities. No 
recording of player trends across sessions exists at all, then the performance of the players is not tracked 
digitally, there is no formalized system of evaluation and certainly no graphical history of improvement 
that can be used either by the player or by the coach with time. Coaching services are paid informally 
and there is no record of transaction and the payment has no financial responsibility. The business part 
of coaches allows them no professional platform to promote their service s and to keep track of their 
students, as well as record the training results. Sports equipment vendors are entirely disconnected with 
the training ecosystem they are not directly connected to the players and coaches that will consume their 
products significantly. The whole landscape is practically unregulated administratively and there is no 
central body to check credentials, settle disputes, or check on activity amongst the different parties 
involved. All these issues stand alone, but they have one common  factor, which is the lack of a digital 
platform that uniquely views the sports ecosystem as an interconnected whole to manage. 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 3 
It is suggested that the Sports Ecosystem Platform would be an all -in-one web-based application that 
unites all four major stakeholder groups together, namely Players, Coaches, Business Owners, and 
Administrators, under one, integrated environment that each can use their individual roles-based module 
that suits their specific needs and workflows. The system is developed based upon the notion that all 
core sporting actions, such as finding a coach and a training session, and making reservations, like 
reserving a ground and acquiring equipment, ought to be handled in a single secure and responsible 
system as opposed to being distributed between disjointed services and unofficial settings. To players, 
the platform offers automatic coach suggestions based on matching algorithms that take into account the 
type of sport, the level of skill, and the geographic location eliminating the uncertainty and inefficiency 
of searching rather than finding coaches manually. Players can also request training sessions through the 
platform itself, reserve an indoor cricket/badminton ground in real time with live availability status, track 
their performance in terms of weekly points and a record of attendance provided by their coach, and 
shop sports equipment in recommended vendor shops without leaving the ecosystem. All the activities 
the player undergoes in relations with a coach, a facility, a product are logged and put into the system, 
allowing coaches to have a continuous and transparent history of all the activities within the  student in 
relation to the sports.Coaches are also provided with a professional environment to arrange their 
availability, look at, and reply to requests to train with a particular person, develop an individualized 
training strategy per week to a student,  register attendance post-training, and give some well organized 
performance appraisals, which become visible instantly to a player. The coaches are paid training fees 
via the card payment system integrated within the platform that keeps full records on the transaction and 
facilitated bank withdrawal to other accounts. The platform also includes verified player ratings and 
written feedback as a reputation-building mechanism to help serious professionals and enable players to 
make informed decisions, as the platform also provides an opportunity to earn a quality accountability 
system based on the tiered levels of subscription packages, i.e., Basic, Pro, and Premium. After being 
verified by the administrator and subscribing to a package, business owners are th en able to build out 
their store, add products with image and pricing, and monitor inventory as well as create customer orders, 
generate sales reports, and get automatic low -stock and renewal notifications. The subscription system 
would ensure that the administrators have a sustainable revenue model and that all approved legitimate 
businesses are left to operate in the marketplace.To the administrators, the platform gives them a 
comprehensive control panel which would give them a view of the whole chain of control in all the 
activity of the system. Admin duties include the entire platform governance lifecycle, including: 
validating the documentation of coach and business owner account registration, managing all user 
accounts, setting up ground listing and ti me slot, managing bookings and training, performance and 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 4 
attendance record, complains and disputes, subscription payments, books reports. It is the administrative 
layer that makes trust, accountability, and system integrity constantly upheld at all levels of the entire 
ecosystem. 
This system is built based on the web technology with a relational database in the back end and the 
architecture of role-based access control which provides permission boundaries in the interface design 
and server design. The system architecture will be ba sed on such areas of knowledge as software 
engineering, database design, system modeling, secure authentication and payment integration and will 
provide a platform that is not only functionally complete, but can be maintained, scaled and rely upon. 
The version in use will be limited to scooping cricket and badminton as the sporting type that it supports 
and the architecture developed will support other sports and extended functionality in subsequent 
development stages. 
The following Software Design Specification reports on the full technical design of the Sports Ecosystem 
Platform, which refines the requirements of the SRS Phase 1 into the architectural structures, module 
designs, database schemas, interface layouts, and  system interactions, by which the development team 
will proceed with its implementation. 
1.1 Product 
The Sports Ecosystem Platform is a web -based solution that is centralized and creates no further 
fragmentation with the existing sports training, coaching, facility booking and equipment trading 
business model. Currently, players can not be able to access trusted coaches, book indoor grounds 
without conflict, monitor their training activity, and buy athletic equipment using one integrated 
platform. Coaches, business owners and administrators encounter the same problem of disconnected 
work streams that lack a common digital space to integrate their operations. This system is an immediate 
solution to these issues, as it integrates into a single platform all the four groups of stakeholders namely, 
Players, Coaches, Business Owners and Administrators, and all th e activities relating to the sports are 
handled through specific role -based modules. Acid operation features of the platform include logic of 
coach recommendations through rule-based application, ground availability administration in real-time, 
systematic product listing and listing based on subscription control, and an all -inclusive administrative 
control board. It is not a research tool, a simulator, a standalone utility, it is production -grade, a multi-
purpose web application developed to offer an entire and responsible sports management flow with just 
one secure electronic space. 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 5 
1.2 Background 
There are a number of digital platforms that are currently covering single factors of sports management, 
however they lack the ability to cut all said and done into one unique ecosystem. Areas like CoachUp 
and TeamSnap provide simple coach search services and classes, which provide players with the ability 
to view coach profiles and book training lessons. Nevertheless, these platforms are more of directories 
and they do not have any formal system in place to evaluate the performance of these facilities as w ell 
as keep track of attendance or provide real time facility booking option. Players can recruit a coach and 
fail to track their progress, reserve a training ground or equipment even in the same space. 
One such platform is Playeasy or SportBooking.net in the facility booking section which enables 
individuals to make sports venue reservations online, however, and operates absolutely independent of 
any coaching or training environment. A player who is book ing the ground using their systems is not 
related to their coach and training routine or even their performance history. The booking is a piece of 
independent purchase with no additional value of sports management attached to it.The sports equity is 
then h eld by general retailers in the e -commerce sector like Daramaz and Amazon who will house 
equipment but will not know the sport, level, coaching association, or training requirements of the buyer. 
Suggestions are purchase history based, as opposed to sports  context based and provide no interaction 
with the training ecosystem around the player. 
None of the existing sites combines coach verification, automated player coach, training session 
management, performance tracking, indoor ground booking as well as shopping of sports equipment in 
the same role based environment. The Sports Ecosystem Platfo rm bridges this gap directly by 
considering all these services as one component of a whole system as opposed to these features being 
treated as individual features and features, and providing a level of integration and coverage of 
stakeholders that no existing solution can match. 
1.3 Objective(s)/Aim(s)/Target(s) 
 
The Sports Ecosystem Platform will attempt to accomplish the following specific objectives: 
• The purpose of the design and development of a centralized, job-based web application that links 
Enterprises, Coaches, Playerships, and Administrators in a single built -in sports management 
world. 
• In order to develop an automated coach recommendation engine that will pair players with 
verified coaches according to the type of sport, the level of skills, and the geographic area, it is 
necessary to eliminate an inefficiency that is an ineffective search of coaches. 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 6 
• To deliver a live indoor ground booking system to the cricketing and badminton which will not 
cause any scheduling issues and will enable players to have real time access of their facility 
bookings. 
• To create an organized performance monitoring and attendance control system where coaches 
would be able to assess players on a weekly basis, awarding them performance points and create 
training plans that are instantly reflected on the player. 
• The purpose of this is to come up with a subscription-based online sports equipment marketplace 
in which authorized business owners can post, administer and sell products to the very same 
platform directly to the players. 
• To have an all -member administrative control panel that implements platform integrity by 
document checking, user management, complaints handling, booking tracking and system wide 
reporting 
1.4 Scope 
Sports Ecosystem Platform encompasses the entire design and development of a web -based multi-role 
app that caters to the needs of Players and Coaches, Business Owners as well as Administrators. The 
system involves automated coach recommendation, booking an  indoor ground to play cricket or 
badminton, weekly performance improvement and attendance record, a sports equipment marketplace 
that is controlled by a subscription and up -to-date payments, card payment processing, verification of 
documents and the admin istration of a control panel. The entire functionality can be accessed in the 
standard web browsers without software installations. Sport specifications are already limited to cricket 
and badminton as the only supported category of sports, but architectura l base would suffer similar 
expansion of sport characteristics in later releases. The updated edition lacks a native mobile application, 
live video coaching, third -party logistics systems in tracking equipments delivery, and the social 
networking between users. 
1.5 Business Goals 
The Sports Ecosystem Platform has the following benefits to the business: 
• To enhance the efficiency of the operations through automation of digitally controlled sports 
management procedures instead of manual and informal processes. 
• To make professional coaching services more accessible, connecting players with coaches that 
have been pre-verified with an intelligent recommendation system. 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 7 
• To create a long-term revenue stream by use of tiered business owner subscriptions that will be 
tailored to control the product listing quotas. 
• To attract a good user experience by uniting the coaching, booking, performance tracking, and 
equipment purchase into one platform. 
• To develop trust and accountability amongst all the parties by means of administrative check and 
balance, formal feedback channels as well as clear records of the transactions. 
• In order to be able to have a digital footing capable of expanding in size to accommodate further 
expansion to other sport types and other user identities. 
 
1.6 Document Conventions 
The paper adheres to the numbered sectioning style and has very distinctly labeled headings and 
subheadings. Examples of system actors included in the names of system roles (including Player, Coach, 
Business Owner and Admin) are capitalized everywhere to d isambiguate Between a system actor and 
general reference. They are presented in an area where they are needed without too much jargon. The 
models and diagrams are in conventional UML notation. Every section is written in clear and mid level 
academic English that allows readability by both technical and non technical audience 
1.7 Miscellaneous 
The Sports Ecosystem Platform is a Final Year Project made by four students of the University of Central 
punjab under the supervision of Prof. Sheeza Shabir. The system scope and design is confined and set to 
the academic schedule of the updated project pl an. All design -related choices recorded in this 
specification can be linked directly to the requirements in SRS Phase 1. The site is to be developed as a 
prototype of a real-world application and is not a hypothetically based academic project. 
 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 8 
2. Overall Description 
Sports Ecosystem Platform is a web-based software engine that transforms the main operations of sports 
training, coaching administration, facility reservation, performance monitoring, and equipment trade into 
a single unitary field. The system is designed to support four different user roles Player, Coach, Business 
Owner, and Administrator and each of them has its own module of interaction with the platform and 
they only see the features, data and workflows pertained to his or her role. This role based segr egation 
is applied at all levels of the system, including the user interface, to the database access tier, in which no 
actor has access or the capacity to access data that is not within his permission. The platform is 
completely open and accessible by all normal web browsers and does not require the installation of any 
other software in any user computer, supported by relational database back-end, which ensures integrity 
and consistency of all data of the system in all simultaneous interactions.The rational e behind the 
existence of the present sports management environment is a definitely identifiable gap. Sport 
participants in indoors both those interested in cricket and badminton sports have traditionally relied on 
informal networks to seek coaches, traini ngs and facilities. This casualness brings on a variety of 
pragmatic issues in the form of coaches they have not verified and have not credentialed, manual booking 
of a ground that is liable to fights, no visibility in terms of player performance between sessions, and no 
systematic financial accountability of coaching fees, or equipment acquisitions. The Sports Ecosystem 
Platform will solve all these issues using a linked system of functional modules designed to form an 
ecosystem where all stakeholders can act within a highly organized, transparent, and responsible digital 
space.The first step would be to register with the system through the name, email, and preferences in 
sports and the geographical location. This user profile data forms the basis of the au tomatic coach 
recommendation algorithm of the platform, which examines the type of sport that the player plays, their 
level of skill, and location relative to available coaches and then presents a list of available coaches to 
players ranked. Before making a training session request, the player can read comprehensive pieces of 
information about coaches such as their certifications, experience, availability, and ratings by former 
students. As soon as a coach gives the request, the player can know the training  plan of the week, can 
track the list of his/her attendance, and can get the performance points that are given by the coach after 
each training session. In addition to training, the player will have a chance to book the indoor cricket or 
badminton ground independently via a real-time availability interface that will prevent double bookings 
and create an instant confirmation. The players can also shop and make purchases of sports equipments 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 9 
through the stores of certified business owners directly through the platform, and the payments will be 
through a secure card payment gateway that stores all the records of transaction. 
A Coach enters the platform by filing a registration form and professional certification documentation 
and proof of location of an academy. The submission is added to an administrative review queue where 
the Admin checks the uploaded documents and after th at the coach account is activated. Upon 
credentialing, the coach gets the availability schedule computed and it directly goes into the 
recommendation engine and is made visible to players with whom the profile matches their expertise. 
The coach goes throug h the requests of the incoming training sessions, approves and rejects them 
depending on the availability and capacity, and when approved, he/she draws up individual training plans 
of weekly training sessions of the individual players who are enrolled. At the end of every session, the 
coach takes attendance and allocates performance points along various measures of evaluation like 
technique, fitness, and attitude. These reviews are instantly added to the performance dashboard of the 
player, and this forms a n ongoing and transparent track of growth. A Business Owner is charged the 
training fees on the platform payment system and is free to withdraw any amount at any time to a 
registered bank account just as as coach registrations. After passing through approval, the business owner 
will choose a subscription package, Basic, Pro, and Premium, which come with a specific number of 
product listing quotas per month. This quota includes the owner setting up their online shopfront, listing 
their products along with descriptions, images, and prices, handling inventory quantities with low stock 
notifications, handling customer incoming orders as well as having simple sales analytics in a reporting 
dashboard. The subscription solution makes sure that only established and dedicated vendors can play 
in the market and will guarantee integrity of the commercial layer of the platform and will guarantee the 
players trust in the products that they can purchase.The Administrator maintains a centralized control 
panel that ensures full visibility and governance of all the layers of the platform. The role of the Admin 
starts with the registration of coach and business owner documents, which will include the examination 
of uploaded documents, verification of the business, and its legitimacy, and the possibility of approving 
or rejecting the coach or business owner or eliminating the likelihood of acquiring the requested 
information. In addition to the verification, the Admin is in charge of all registered user accounts, 
configuring indoor ground listings and time slot availability, all active bookings and training sessions, 
player performance and attendance records, complaints and argumentation between users, system -wide 
reporting (user statistics, revenue, bookings, and performance tren ds). However, the mechanism that 
underpins all four of these role -based modules is one that ensures that the platform is trustworthy and 
operationally stable and sound at all times by ensuring that there is a common technical infrastructure 
that ensures that all systems behave in a consistent, securely and reliably. All requests are handled and 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 10 
processed this way by a structured API layer through which inputs undergo validation, permissions are 
granted according to who is authorized to access the data or sometimes store the data through the 
relational database. The database has been designed in s uch a way that there is referred integrity of all 
the key entities that include users, coaches, training sessions, and ground bookings, performance records, 
products, orders, and transactions, and the links between the data remain accurate even during concurrent 
operations. The notification system is applied to all positions and sends real -time notifications about 
booking confirmations, training request updates, payment receipts, verification decisions, and 
subscription renewal updates through the platform interface and email messages.Collectively, these 
elements compose a sports management ecosystem which is more than the aggregate of its parts. The 
modules are all separately operational but highly intertwined with each other, and it brings the platform 
upon which a player has his/her coach suggestion, training schedule, ground booking, performance 
history, and equipment purchases where all exist in the same coherent digital environment. 
2.1 Product Features 
These are the main core of the Sports Ecosystem Platform in brief. Everyone of those features is a 
specific functional ability that is established in the system to support the operation requirements of four 
user roles. 
Automated Coach Recommendation - The system takes into account the sport preference of a player, 
his level, and location to provide a list of the recommended coaches out of which a player can choose, 
wherein a list of Coaches which meets the needs of the player is given, eliminating the manual search of 
coaches. 
Training Session Request and Scheduling - The players make official training requests to the coaches 
of choice via the platform and the coach is expected to reply, approve or disapprove those requests and 
the session by default is recorded when approved. 
Weekly Training Plan Management Coaches write up and distribute planned weekly training schedules 
to individual players which specify exercises, time of sessions, goals and performance standards of that 
training week. 
Attendance Tracking The coach will follow the same steps as each training session ends by recording 
attendance of all the registered players, which will then create a cumulative digital profile the coach and 
the player could use to look at over time. 
Performance Assessment and Tracking - Coaches give weekly performance marks in the form of 
technique, fitness and attitude. Through a special dashboard, players can review their playing history, its 
areas that have been identified as weak, and their patterns of improvement. 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 11 
Indoor Ground Booking -- This means that players are able to book and get real time slot availability 
of available cricket grounds and badminton grounds, make a selection in terms of time of their preference 
and make a booking using the inbuilt payment system in the platform. 
Online Equipment Store-- Business owners run verified products storefronts relevant in the platform 
wherein players window shop, place search orders and make purchases of sports equipment without 
visiting beyond the ecosystem. 
Listing of Products on a subscription basis - The owners of the business will have the option of product 
listing based on the tiered subscription fees that the business can use: Basic, Pro and Premium with each 
tier containing the number of active product listings that the business can have during a billing cycle. 
Secure Payment Processing: All money transactions such as coaching fees, Ground booking payments, 
equipment purchases, and the subscription charges are done using a secure card payment gateway where 
all the transaction history will be kept on behalf of each party. 
Coach and Business Owner Background Checks  -- before gaining access to the platform, 
administrators review registration forms provided by coaches and business owners and approves or 
denies them access depending on the validity of the credential. 
User and Platform Management -All registered accounts, indoor ground setups, time slot availability, 
sports classifications, and systemwide settings are under full control of the administrators. 
Complaints and Dispute Management- All users are able to post their complaints using the platform. 
Administrators research, implement solutions including warnings or account measures and inform all 
parties involved when closing. 
Sales Analytics and Reporting -- The business owners have a reporting dashboard where they can see 
a summary of revenue, numbers of orders and product performance. Administrators produce system -
wide reports on user activity, bookings, revenue and performance indicators. 
Role-Based Access Control -Each user role has a specified permission scope which is implemented at 
interface and backend tiers but no one actor can access or execute any action that is not within their 
assigned role. 
Notification Service -- The system provides real -time contextual messaging to all user types in the 
instance of the booking confirmation, session reminders, payment notices, evaluation updates, and 
approval decisions. 
Feedback/Rating System- At the end of the sessions, players give coaches ratings and complete forms 
of rating in writing. Ratings of a coach are re -calculated each time a new rating is done and they are 
visible to every player visiting coach pages. 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 12 
Coach Availability Management Coaches post their schedules each week on a calendar interface and 
coach availability information is fed directly into the recommendation system and booking request 
processing. 
Certificate and Document Management  - Coaches are provided with an opportunity to upload 
professional certification documents and this is submitted through the platform which become verified 
by the administrator and takes the outcome on the public profile of the coach. 
2.2 Functional Description 
The management of sports in Pakistan especially at the grassroots and semi -professional sector is run 
almost on an informal basis without any change over the years. The coaches who involve players also 
depend on personal connections, word of mouth referral s or physical visits to local academies without 
an organized system of checking the qualifications of the coach and contrasting his skills with the 
options, or to judge the qualifications of the coaches by using documented reviews. Locating an 
appropriate coach in the country is a process that relies on who a player is acquainted with as opposed 
to matching profiles of talent and demand.Ground bookings in an indoor cricket and badminton facility 
is also done in very similar way manually. The facility manage rs make the bookings either by phone 
calls, WhatsApp messages or by walking in the facility and there is no centralized availability system 
yet. Dubious usage of bookings is a menace, time sitting cannot be booked till the very last moment, and 
players cannot know with certainty that a ground is actually available before they actually travel to book 
the ground. The payment of ground usage is done manually without any digital copy of the transactions 
and booking history. 
Training advancement also lies with the memory of the coach. It does not have a standardized system by 
which coaches assess the players in the long -run, no system of attendance attendance that can operate 
beyond a handwritten book, no performance history, which the player or the coach can refer to, when 
drafting subsequent sessions. The players continuously get a verbal feedback during their sessions but 
have no access to a systematic evaluation, know how to develop around him or her, or week -by-week 
progress comparison.Coaches themselves are also without a professional digital presence. Advertising 
services occurs via social media postings or just word of mouth, scheduling is done manually by use of 
messaging applications and payment is collected in cash or  informal taking of bank transfers and no 
invoice system and receipt system. No platform is available to a coach to professionally introduce 
certifications and to have a structured availability and training requests being made using a formalized 
channel. 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 13 
Sports equipment sales owners operate in a totally different environment of training and coaching. They 
have their independent retail stores or even general e -commerce directories without any direct 
relationship with those players and coaches who are their main market. Discovery of products occurs via 
general search engine or even retail outlets and there is no system that ties equipment suggestion to the 
sport of a player, his/her level of skill and current training environment.Even the oversight of this whole 
ecosystem is practically absent. There is no governing body to check the qualification of coaches prior 
to their employment by the players and the training facilities is not tracked by any centralized system 
and there is no conflict resolution mechani sm in case of a conflict between players and the service 
providers 
2.3 User Classes and Characteristics 
The Sports Ecosystem Platform serves four distinct user classes, each operating within a dedicated 
module governed by role-specific permissions. The table below defines each user class, describes their 
primary responsibilities within the platform, and outlines the access permissions assigned to their role. 
User 
Class 
Description Access 
Level 
Key Permissions 
Player A registered person who will use the 
site to find coaches, book training 
sessions and reserve indoor 
grounds, track his/her performance 
and buy sports equipment. Players 
are an average end -user that lacks 
administrative control over other 
accounts and sett ings within the 
platform. 
 
Standard 
User 
 
Create personal profile, invite coach 
recommendations, book training 
sessions, book ground, look at training 
schedules and weekly plans, get 
personal performance dashboard, buy 
equipment through the store, pay 
coaching fees, invite coach ratings and 
feedback and get system notifications.  
Coach  
One of the verified professionals 
offering sports training services on 
the platform. Before it is activated, 
coach accounts have to be approved 
by the administrator. Coaches do 
not have to communicate much with 
each other and have autonomy in 
Verified 
User 
Coach profile manage my 
certifications, availability schedule add 
and edit, training requests view and 
respond, training plans create and 
assign, player attendance mark, 
performance evaluation, seeing player 
history, ground booking information, 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 14 
their training processes based on the 
players entrusted to them 
receives payments, performance 
ratings and feedback, system 
notifications. 
 
Business 
Owner 
A confirmed business organization 
operating an online shop front of 
sports equipments in the platform. 
Similar to coaches, business owner 
accounts need approval of 
administrator prior to opening the 
store to the public. The subscription 
package they have i s also a 
guideline to their activity. 
  
Verified 
User 
Administer business profile, and legal 
documentation, purchase and service 
listing packages, set up and enable 
online store, add and maintain product 
listings within subscription plan, 
administer product pricing and stock, 
process and update customer order s, 
see sales analytics and reports, match 
up with coaches to form partnerships, 
get system alerts. 
 
Admin A platform administrator possessing 
full monitoring control of all the 
modules of the systems. The 
position of an administrative 
manager is not publicly listed and 
operated within the company. The 
administrators are not involved in 
the training session and booking and 
purchase processes but in the 
administration, integrity, and 
configuration of the entire platform.  
Full 
System 
Access 
Accept or deny coach and business 
owner registration, maintain all user 
accounts in all positions and levels, set 
up indoor fields and slot availability, 
sports category administration, track all 
bookings and trainings, player 
performance and attendance tr acking, 
process user complaints, generate 
system-wide reports, track subscription 
process, system settings and 
notification templates.  
Guest A unregistered user that has not 
registered on the site. Until they 
have registered, the guests cannot 
access the publicly visible 
information but are denied the 
opportunity to interact with any 
transactional or personalized 
services.  
Read 
Only 
See platform landing page and overall 
information, navigate through profiles 
and ratings of coaches that are on -site, 
see available sports types and ground 
availability, fill in registration form to 
create an account.  
 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 15 
Permission Boundary Summary 
Platform Function Player Coach Business Owner Admin Guest 
Register and Login Yes Yes Yes Yes No 
Manage Own Profile Yes Yes Yes Yes No 
Request Coach Recommendation  Yes No No No No 
Send Training Request Yes No No No No 
Manage Training Sessions No Yes No No No 
Create Training Plans No Yes No No No 
Mark Attendance No Yes No No No 
Assign Performance Points No Yes No No No 
View Performance Dashboard Yes Yes No Yes No 
Book Indoor Ground Yes No No No No 
Manage Ground Listings No No No Yes No 
Purchase Equipment Yes No No No No 
Manage Product Store No No Yes No No 
Manage Subscription No No Yes No No 
Process Payments Yes Yes Yes No No 
Submit Coach Feedback Yes No No No No 
Submit Complaint Yes Yes Yes No No 
Verify User Accounts No No No Yes No 
Manage All User Accounts No No No Yes No 
Handle Complaints No No No Yes No 
Generate Platform Reports No No Yes Yes No 
Configure System Settings No No No Yes No 
Receive Notifications Yes Yes Yes Yes No 
 
2.4 Design and Implementation Constraints 
The design choices and limits of development of Sports Ecosystem Platform are controlled by the 
following constraints: 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 16 
Browser-Based Deployment Only - The platform will be created as a web-based e-app that can be used 
by the standard browsers like Chrome, Firefox and Edge. Native mobile applications are out of scope of 
the project. 
Sport Category Limitation- The system supports only cricket and badminton as sport categories that 
are currently operational. Future development would be required to expand to other sports. 
Role-Based Access Enforcement  - Role-based access control rigidly controls all features and data 
access points, that is, no cross-role functionality can occur without administrative authorization. 
Internet Dependency - - All the operations of platforms must have a constant internet connection. None 
support the offline functionality in any of the modules. 
Relational Database Requirement-- The system will be relying on the relational database management 
system to ensure referential integrity among the associated objects, including the user, sessions, booking, 
and transaction. 
Verified Account Prerequisite Coaches and business owners are not allowed to make selections in 
operational functions until their submitted documents are correctly verified by an administrator. 
Dependency on the payment gateway  - The gateway has been overridden to use a third -party card 
payment gateway to process all financial transactions. Other forms of payment like cash payment and 
bank transfers are not processed in the platform. 
Document Format Restriction Uploaded certification and legal documents should be an accepted file 
type such as PDF, JPG, and PNG. The rest of the formats are automatically rejected by the system. 
2.5 Assumptions and Dependencies 
The basis of the design and development of the Sports Ecosystem Platform was based on the following 
assumptions and external dependencies: 
Assumptions 
It is assumed that all registered players, coaches, and the owners of the business have a stable internet 
connection and a user-friendly web browser. 
The coaches and business owners are believed to have sound professional documents and legal 
credentials during submission of registration. 
The assumption is that the system administrator is actively present to work on verification queues   in a 
reasonable duration otherwise the onboarding will experience delays. 
 Players will be expected to give the correct profile details such as their preferred sport, level of skill,     
and location, since the completeness of this information determines the accuracy of the recommendation. 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 17 
It is assumed that all users act in good faith and within the scope of their assigned role without trying to 
illegally gain access to other modules. 
Dependencies 
All the financial transactions such as coach payments, bookings of ground transportation, purchase of 
equipment and subscription fees are done through the platform through a third party card payment 
gateway.  
Email notification service relies on third -party email system based on SMTP to send confirmation to 
registered users, verification decision and system notifications. 
Verification of the location of the academy during the registration of coaches is done through the use of 
an external mapping service to ensure that the location details provided are real and of the right location. 
The accuracy of the recommendation engine relies on the database of coaches being large enough 
because such sparse data decreases the quality and relevance of the surfaced matches to coach players. 
Availability of continuous platforms is based on the availability of the hosting server infrastructure and 
database service, which are not within the application codebase. 
 
 
 
 
 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 18 
3. Technical Architecture 
The complexity required to design a platform that will support four different groups of users 
simultaneously, each with completely different workflows, data needs, and patterns of interaction 
requires a structurally hard and malleable architectural base th at will support future expansion. The 
Sports Ecosystem Platform is a three -tier model based on architecture that divides the system into 
presentation layer, application layer and data layer. This division does not just happen to be 
organizational in nature , but it is simply one that dictates the behavior of the system under load, the 
safety with which data transfer is carried out between components of the system and the extent to which 
any part of the system is modifiable without affecting the others. Any l arge-scale design choice in this 
platform is historically sprouted in terms of the structural logic that is defined at the architectural level. 
The Three-Tier Foundation 
It was precisely because of that reason that the three -tier architecture was chosen among other 
alternatives like the monolithic single -tier structure or a fully distributed microservices framework. 
Using a monolithic architecture the user interface, busin ess logic and database access would have been 
within a single codebase and available to change which would also be fragile as the failure of one 
component would also cause other unrelated pieces to fail and it would be impossible to scale only one 
component over the rest. The entire microservices deployment, however, brings complexity in 
infrastructure that is beyond the scope and schedule of the project. The three -level model strikes an 
optimal balance: the separation of responsibilities is strictly formal ized, every level can be created and 
tested on its own, and its scale is suggested without entailing the operational costs of distributing 
orchestration of services. 
Both levels have communication with the level that is immediately nearby. The application layer receives 
requests by the presentation layer. The data layer is read and written in the application layer. The 
presentation layer will not in any way talk to the  database and the data layer does not know anything 
about the user interface. The significance of this type of boundary protection to the security model of the 
platform lies in the fact that, despite a frontend component having suffered, the attacker canno t make 
further queries or manipulations of the database directly, unless they pass through the authentication and 
validation code of the application layer. 
Presentation Layer 
The interface is a layer whereby all the four types of users access the platform. It is developed as a web 
application with React.js, a component -based JavaScript library that dynamically renders the user 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 19 
interface with an interactive browser without having to completely reload the page between interactions. 
The component architecture of React has a self -reinforcing relationship with the role -based system of 
this platform, with each user role being represen ted as a dedicated module of reusable interface parts 
which are instantiated differently based on the role of the authenticated user. 
Components in the player interface reveal coach discovery, training request submission, ground booking, 
performance tracking and equipment browsing components, and payment. The coach interface exposes 
an availability calendar, training request management panel, session tracking tools, attendance marking 
forms and performance evaluation workspace. The business owner interface has store configuration 
screens, product management screens, order processing screens, and the sales analytics dashboard. The 
administration control panel consists of a verification queue, user management tables, ground 
configuration panels, workflows to handle complaints, and a reporting hub. 
The styling is done with Tailwind CSS, and uses utility-based styles included in the markup of individual 
components instead of having to have separate stylesheet files. In this style, the visual logic is kept 
alongside the structural logic, and there is no need to incur such a cognitive load when following which 
styles are used with what components in such a large codebase. Cascading of all the interface elements 
are to be highly responsive i.e. dynamically show their layouts in relation to the width of th e display 
without the need to have a mobile version of them. 
The communication of the presentation layer and the application layer occurs only via HTTPS. All the 
frontend-initiated requests include an authentication token in their header. This token is proved by the 
API Gateway and only after that, the request is forwarded to any service in backend. Messages with bad 
token authentication are discarded at the gateway stage before they even reach the application layer and 
avoid unauthorized traffic at all levels of business logic. 
Application Layer 
The platform intellectual core is the application layer. The presentation layer sends validated requests to 
it, which use business rules, coordinate service -to-service interactions, and decide what data to read or 
write to the database. This layer will be organized into an API Gateway and one eleven purpose-specific 
backend services, each of which covers a distinct function domain. 
The API Gateway is the only entrance point where all the incoming requests are made in the frontend. 
Instead of each frontend component making individual calls to each of the backend services, all requests 
go through the gateway before accessing the servic es. Before transmitting any request to the resource, 
the gateway conducts three roles; it authenticates based on the supplied token to determine the identity 
of the user, it verifies based on the role of the user to ensure that the user is authorized to ac cess the 
resource and rate limiting is done to ensure that a single client does not flood the system with many 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 20 
requests. This single control location implies that security enforcement occurs at a single location as 
opposed to scattering the enforcement implementation across different individual services, which 
simplifies the security model to audit and maintain. 
The authentication lifecycle of any type of user is handled by another service, called the authentication 
service beyond the gateway. On a user registering an account, the authentication service authenticates 
the data provided and ensures that no two accou nts have the same email address, hash the password 
using a cryptography algorithm and stores the hash before creating the account record with the 
corresponding role assignment. At the time of the login, it supplies the account record, compares the 
entered password with the stored hash, and upon a successful match, it produces a JSON Web Token 
which is stored by the client in the local memory and attached to every further request. Also via this 
service are password reset flows, which are time-limited reset links generated by the notification service. 
Once the user is authenticated operation of the profile is managed by user management service of all the 
four roles. It handles profile update requests, account status change requests, e.g. suspension and 
reactivation and offers the administrative capabilities required to create, modify and delete user accounts. 
This service interacts with the file storage on occasions where profile pictures or profile related 
documents have to be stored or accessed. 
One of the most functionally unique elements in the platform is the recommendation engine. Upon 
receiving a request by a player to coach, this service logs in the profile data of the player and makes 
requests in the coach database so that the coaches whose  specialization in sport, geographical location, 
and availability slot match the preferences specified by the player. It then derives a score of match of 
each candidate coach on the basis of the level of alignment between the candidates across these 
dimensions and provides the player with a list of the ranked coaches. The downside of this ranking lies 
in the completeness of both the profile of the player and the registered information of the coach, and that 
is why profile completion is prioritized during the process of onboarding towards the two jobs. 
The training management service facilitates the whole life cycle of a training session between an athlete 
and a coach. It accepts training requests of players, puts them in pending status and informs the concerned 
coach. The coach response serves as the update of the request status and in case it is accepted, a proper 
record of the training session is recorded. It is also in charge of creating the training plan and assigning 
it, the storage of the exercising duration, targets, and weekly goals to be achieved by the coaches on each 
player. 
The attendance and performance service comes in place once the training sessions are set up. The coaches 
use this service to send attendance records which save the present or absent status of every enrolled 
player and any notes of the session. Here also pe rformance tests provided by coaches are entered into - 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 21 
the service takes into consideration the values of points according to the technique, fitness and attitude 
in the score, the sum of the total score is obtained, the full evaluation history is recorded, and an alert is 
given to the player. The accruing data the service accumulates serves the performance dashboard which 
may be viewed by the players to monitor their progress over time. 
The ground reservation services handle the entire process of booking the facilities. It keeps real -time 
view of the slot availability of every registered indoor ground, responds to booking requests made by 
players, temporarily books slots as part of the payment process to avoid concurrent booking of the same 
slot and approves or cancels bookings according to the success or failure of payments. Cancellation 
requests are also processed here and both the booking record and the slot availability state are updat ed 
appropriately with regard to their status. 
The equipment market place is regulated by the product and order service. It handles product creation 
request, update request and delete request by the business owners, checks available slot and allows new 
listings only when the remaining slots are low, ma intains catalogues of the shopping cart within a 
browsing session, and handles order records when shoppers are successful with their payment. The 
inventory is automatically updated whenever the order is made, and when the stock declines below the 
presystemed levels, the low stocks alert is sent to notifications. 
The financial processing centre of the site is the payment service. It can process four different types of 
payments coaching fees to coaches, ground booking payments, equipment purchase payments and 
subscription costs of business owners, and all of them go  through the same payment gateway adapter. 
With every transaction, the service makes an authorization request to the external payment gateway, 
accepts the result, documents the transaction and its outcome status, prints a receipt, and credits the 
receiving account in which the money is supposed to go. This is also where withdrawal requests between 
coaches are handled and the service would begin transferring the funds to registered bank accounts using 
the gateway. 
The notification service is used to track events on the platform and issue contextual notifications to the 
concerned users. It waits to receive triggering signals by other services, a confirmation of a booking with 
the ground booking service, a receipt of payment with the payment service and a submission of an 
evaluation with the attendance and performance service, and generates records of notifications. The 
notification is sent to the dashboard of the user in real -time and through email using an external S MTP 
integration when the events require outside-of-platform communication. 
The verification service handles the process of reviewing the documents in coach and business owners 
registration. It saves documents uploaded in the file storage system, forwards them to the admin panel 
to be checked, makes approvals or rejections and upd ates account verification to the user database, and 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 22 
sends the outcomes as notification through the notification service. Location validation in coach academy 
deals with handle. 
Data Layer 
Data layer: It offers a long-term storage of all entities of the platform in 4 databases which are purpose 
separated and a file storage system. The main database is the most linked database in the system 
containing user accounts, profiles of players and co aches, training sessions, attendance records, 
performance appraisal, ground booking and records of complaints. By storing these items in one 
relational database, both the referential integrity between these entities is maintained and any foreign 
key relationships are maintained at the database level as opposed to being implemented at the application 
level only. 
Product and order database archives all business data regarding the equipment businessplace comprising 
of the listing of products, order recordings, and order line items, and stock status. The fact that this data 
gets separated of the main database represe nts the functional independence of the marketplace module 
as compared to the coaching and booking modules. All the records of transactions, status of 
subscriptions, and withdrawal records are stored in the payment database. Storing payment data 
separately of other platform data makes the attack surface to any possible attacker - a product database 
breach, such as, not expose payment data. All the notification records with notification states and the 
time taken as read are kept in the notification database and therefore, notification queries do not have to 
compete with the high-frequency read and write processes on the primary database. 
File storage stores all the binary information such as uploaded certificates, legal business 
documentations, product photographs as well as profile photographs in a dedicated storage system that 
is not part of the relational databases. Storing binary files based on non-database ensures that large files 
uploading to the database does not slow down querying the transactional tables. 
Role-Based Access Control 
Crosscutting all three levels is a role based access control system which imposes a limit of permissions 
in all layers of the system. On the presentation layer, interface elements are displayed conditionally 
depending on the role of the authenticated user so that any navigation options and screens of functions 
that do not apply to a certain role are never shown. The API Gateway additionally checks role 
permissibility at the application layer before the request is forwarded to the service, and at the service  
each service undertakes a second check on the sensitive operations. At the data tier, service level queries 
are limited to the records of the authenticated user by default, so that no user may access the data related 
to another account by devising special ized requests. This enforcement by layers implies that failure in 
one enforcement layer is detected by the next layer allowing defense in depth at the entire stack. 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 23 
Diagram 
The diagram below is a layered system architecture whereby the UI (users) is connected to the backend 
services through APIs. Business layer interacts with the core functionality such as booking, training and 
payments and is backed with shared services (auth, logging).The data is managed with the assistance of 
data access and database layers, and external services 
 
Fig1. Layered System Architecture of the Sports echosystem 
 
 
 
 
 
               
           
              
                  
                                 
                               
             
              
             
          
              
                      
                        
                                           
                                                      
                                           
                 
                          
                
                            
   
  
               
                   
                           
                                                 
                                  
               
                 
                                                
       
              
                                                                 
                                         
                                                           
         
                   
                        
                
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 24 
3.1 Application and Data Architecture 
The Sports Ecosystem Platform allocates its internal functions over two non -separable architectural 
layers the application where all the business logic is executed and the data where all platform information 
is stored. It is important to understand how the se two zones are organized on their own as well as their 
respective interaction with one another that provides a better understanding of why the system reacts in 
the manner it does given the various usage scenarios. 
Applications/Application Layer Architecture. 
The application layer is structured in terms of service oriented design with each of the backing 
components having a certain set of functionality and being independent of the other components at 
logical view. The system separates its roles through eleven d istinct core services with a well defined 
input contract, set of internal operation and predictable output behaviour, instead of a single large 
backend module which deals with all platform actions. Such a split allows new modifications to one 
service, usually, updating the recommendation algorithm, say, or readjusting the logic of the subscription 
quota, without needing to make changes to the service unassociated with the change, like the notification 
dispatcher or the attendance tracker. 
All requests that reach the application layer reach the API Gateway, which serves as the only gateway 
to regulate all the frontend communication. Any request passes through the gateway which checks three 
times before it can cut across. It asserts the authenticity of the authentication token at the request header 
and verifies the fact that the caller is who he claims to be by matching his name with the stored session 
record. It then compares the role assigned to the caller with the permission constraints of the requested 
operation disallowing any access by a player to a coach -only functionality or by a business owner to 
administrative endpoints. At last it implements rate limiting to ensure any single client request does not 
make an overflow in the number of requests in a limited period of time. Request that passes all three 
checks are sent to the relevant backend service only. 
The authentication service handles the relationship of identity operations of all four roles of users in a 
single workflow. Registration submissions are checked to ensure that they contain complete and valid 
information and password is converted to a one w ay cryptographic hashing operation and account is 
written to the database with the role tag and an initial status value. Login requests will generate a 
credential look up, which is followed by a hash comparison, and authentication that is successful will 
generate a signed JSON Web Token which encode identity and role of the user. This token is carried 
with each follow-up request and it is the process by which the gateway knows who makes each call, it 
does not need to ask the database every time there was an interaction. 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 25 
The recommendation engine is a query and scoring service. It allows verification of the sport 
specialization on the search on requesting the recommendation by the player and then reading the user 
database with the sport type, skill level, and location, and  finally, on requesting the search, the coach 
table showed all of the verified and active coaches. It then picks the set filtered to generate a proximity 
score calculated with geographic distance and compatibility score calculated with a match of skills an d 
combines the two to form a composite match score per candidate and sends the ranked result set to the 
gateway to be sent to the interface of the player. Its engines do not store their outputs - every 
recommendation is calculated based on up to date infor mation, so that recently validated coaches can 
immediately emerge in results with no human intervention. 
The training management, attendance and performance services are a closely knit group that manages 
the entire coaching process of creating programs up to assessment. Training management generates and 
tracks records of the sessions, stores the plan details that are given by a coach and the request -accept-
reject lifecycle. Each session contains presence records that are written after being submitted by a coach 
by the attendance service into a cumulative attendance history of a player. Performance service acce pts 
evaluation subissions, confirms that point values are within acceptable limits, sums the total score, and 
leaves the evaluation record and at the same time announces an event that notifies the player of the 
evaluation process. These three services have  similar database tables, however, on distinct code paths 
and keep their logic separate but share a common data source. 
The payment service is connected to an external payment gateway via a special adapter layer that shields 
the details of the third -party API against the rest of the application. The service retrieves a payload 
authorization when a request to make a payment comes, and sends it to the gateway adapter, which 
converts the data to the format needed by the external provider. The output provided by the provider is 
fed back through the adapter, and the payment service decodes it, creates the transaction record and 
sends the suitable reply - generation of receipt on successful payment, generation of error on failure and 
temporary release of reservation on a booking failure after a slot is had. 
Data Layer Architecture 
The data layer is divided into four relational databases and file storage system, each of which is serving 
a specific purpose of the information requirements of the platform. The purpose of this partitioning is to 
avoid conflicts between unrelated domains of data in an attempt to share the same database resources as 
well as to contain the ripple effect (blast radius) of any individual point of failure. 
The main database is the one that consists of the heaviest transaction load in the system. It records the 
accounts of users, role -related profile, trainings, attendance, performance reviewing, ground booking, 
time slot status, coach availability schedule, complaint history, and verification history. Since these 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 26 
entities are closely connected with each other in terms of the foreign key reference; an attendance record 
is created in connection with a player and a coach so are the training sessions and the complaints, a 
player and a coach respectively; storing them i n the same relational database will enable the database 
engine to enforce the referential integrity automatically. All foreign keys are defined on the schema level, 
orphaned records are not possible even in cases of application-layer validation. 
The order and product database is in charge of all business activities in the equipment market. Product 
listing, order header, order line item, inventory quantities and records of subscriptions are stored here. 
To separate this database and the main databa se will ensure that the high levels of product browsing 
activity and order processing queries are not competing with authentication and session queries that are 
operating continuously during the operation of the platform. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 27 
Component Diagrams 
Figure 1: Level 1 — Sports Ecosystem Platform: System Overview  This chart will be the top level 
perspective of the platform which is structured in columns of four actors, their main area of focus, shared 
services, and external systems and howby each role will cause its domain of focus and how data flows 
to the bottom through shared services to the database and the external integrations. Before introducing 
any internal detail, it specifies the overall structural boundaries of the system. 
 
Fig2.Component Diagram of Sports Ecosystem 
 
 
 
 
                                  
      
      
     
              
     
       
             
            
               
               
             
           
                     
                  
                   
                    
       
                  
                
               
               
                   
            
                
                                                                   
                                               
                                         
     
               
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 28 
Figure 2: Level 2 — Domain Internals and Inter-Domain Flows This figure enlarges each of the actor 
domains to locate its internal parts and arrows between those revealing how the Player, Coach, Business 
Owner and Admin domains each delegate to common services like authentication, booking, payment 
and notifications. It detects the flow of one user action across various domain boundaries before hitting 
the database or activating an external system. 
 
Fig3.Component Diagram(Internals And Flow) 
 
 
 
                                            
                 
                                                  
                                                 
                
                                                        
                                                         
                         
                                                      
                
                                                    
               
                         
                     
                         
                  
                    
                    
               
                   
                     
                
                                                                                         
                                                                              
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 29 
Figure 3: Level 3 — Core Pipeline: Detailed Component Interactions  It is a request life cycle 
diagram showing all the request processes beginning at registration up to notification showing each 
process step and the actor invoking it and the external system invoked in that process, and the flow of 
data is strictly downstream in the pipe. 
 
Fig4.Component Diagaram(Core pipeline) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                         
                       
                                                         
                
                             
                      
                                                      
                                                              
                 
               
                        
                         
                                                             
                 
                      
                           
                                                                
                 
                   
                                                        
                                                                                    
                                                                           
              
              
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 30 
Abstract Class Diagram 
 
 
 
 Fig5.Abstract Class Diagram of Sports EcoSystem 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 31 
ER Diagram
 
Fig6.ER Diagram 
 
 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 32 
3.2 Component Interactions and Collaborations 
Sports Ecosystem Platform is not a group of services that are independent of each other. Any significant 
action that a user performs on the platform leads to a sequence of synchronized interactions involving 
several components, and each component will provide a distinct segment of the larger response prior to 
the outcome being delivered to a user. The analysis of these patterns of interactions shows how platform 
consistency, rule enforcement and delivery of each interaction in a coherent experience occur in the face 
of four completely different user workflows. 
Request Flow Pattern 
The flow of any interaction on the platform is set in the same basis despite the type of user role initiating 
it. An action of the user in the front-end will include an HTTPS request that has the authentication token 
of the user in its header. This request  is sent to the API Gateway which verifies the token to ensure 
identification, compares the role of the user with the required permission to perform the requested 
operation then sends the request to the relevant service on the back -end server only when bot h 
verifications are successful. The backend service then takes the requested message, and does whatever 
may be required (read or write) to the database and sends back a structured request back through the 
gateway to the frontend. This regular request -response paradigm implies that no service is ever called 
without an authentication or authorization, since the gateway captures and blocks it even before it sends 
any further into the system. 
The Interaction of Coach Recommendation. 
The communication between a player and coach involves three elements operating sequentially when 
the former seeks the latter to provide recommendations. At the API Gateway, the request is verified and 
sent to the recommendation engine. To avoid taking prof ile data directly as the frontend, the 
recommendation engine invokes the user management service to get the current profile information of 
the player such as sport type, skill level, and location, instead of it being sent in the request body, which 
means t hat clients are not allowed to manipulate the corresponding matching criteria to cause the 
recommendation engine to react accordingly. Having checked profile information, the engine connects 
directly to the main database to find corresponding coaches and calculates prioritized outcomes. The list 
of rankings proceeds through the gateway to the interface of the player. Such an approach to retrieving 
authoritative information like the data in the database as opposed to relying on the frontend input occurs 
throughout all services that rely on the user profile information when making decisions. 
 
Lifecycle Interaction of Training Sessions. 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 33 
The process of workflow training session is the type of collaboration that is most lasting in any part of 
the process of the platform. As a player makes a training request, the training management service 
records the request and sends an immediate notification to the training notification service so as to alert 
the concerned coach. On receiving the coach reply, the training management service changes the requests 
status and in case it is an acceptance it generates a formal record of the session and again se nds start of 
notification to the player. When a session is created, the training management service also notifies the 
attendance service to prepare an attendance record structure to that session, such that the coach can mark 
attendance immediately the sess ion is conducted. Once attendance is marked, performance service is 
active and an evaluation submitted by the coach, whereby the evaluation record is written and a third 
notification event generated and sent to the player. In all this life cycle, the notif ication service is a 
partner in passiveness; it is a service that reacts to stimulation signals by other services and does not take 
any initiative of its own. 
Interaction at the point-of-payment and Booking. 
Ground booking space concerns specifically close cooperation of the booking service with the payment 
service since the two have to work in accordances with slot reservation timing. In a situation where a 
slot is chosen by a player, a temporary reservation is made on the slot by the booking service in the 
database until the process of payment is made. It then takes care of signaling the payment service to 
establish the payment. With a successful notification by the payment service of the external gateway, the 
booking service then turns the temporary hold into a confirmed booking and then informs the notification 
service to forward a confirmation to the player. In case payment service records failure, the temporary 
hold is automatically released by the booking service and the slot is exposed again to other players. Such 
a closely synchronized handoff between the payment service and booking service is what will stop the 
case whereby a few slots are booked twice in the window period between selection of slot and completion 
of payment. 
Confirmation and Significant Cooperation. 
The positive collaboration pattern is the same between the verification service and notification service 
during the onboarding process of coaches and the business owner. Each status change the verification 
service imposes on a pending registration be it a request of further verification documents, an approving 
or a rejection is immediately preceded by an event signal to the notification service with the superior 
outcome details and the target user identifier. The notification service then establishes the re cord of the 
alert and sends a mail outside the mailbox through the external SMTP integration. This isolation implies 
that the verification service does not require anything regarding the methods of delivering notifications 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 34 
it merely indicates that a given event has happened and the notification service takes care of the 
components and ensures each element is concentrating on its take 
Collaboration Diagrams 
Diagram 1 — System Level Collaboration  The diagram reflects the topical cooperation of all 
significant system actors: Player, Coach, Business Owner, and Admin, the basic system elements: Sports 
Ecosystem Platform, MongoDB database, and Notification Service. It is an expression of the interaction 
between every actor with the centralized platform in ordered numbered message trails which characterize 
the order of communication.Operations that are important to the diagram include user registration, 
authentication, service request, interaction during booking and administrative control. Practically, every 
request done by an actor is accepted by the platform and, together with the database, the data is stored 
or retrieved, and the Notification Service is activated to provide real -time updates, alerts, or 
confirmations. 
 
Fig7.Collaboration Diagram 
 
 
                                                         
       
             
      
              
                
        
              
              
        
        
      
            
                    
             
                                       
                   
                       
              
                      
            
               
              
             
             
               
      
                                                                    
                         
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 35 
 
Diagram 2 — Training and Coaching Collaboration This diagram describes the interaction between 
Player, Coach, Trainingservice, AttendanceService, Performanceservice, Notificationservice, and 
MongoDB, and the entire process of booking a session, marking attendance, and assigning weekly points 
on performance. This is opened by the Player requesting a training session, which is handled by the 
Training Service and requested to be available and confirmed by the Coach. After a session has been 
booked, the Attendance Service logs and establishes the attendance stature of the player from or after 
the session. After that the Performance Service gauges the contribution of the player and allocates weekly 
performance points according to established standards. 
 
Fig8.Collaboration Diagram(Training and coach) 
 
                                             
       
             
                
               
      
              
                  
                  
                   
                     
                    
             
        
        
                                
                                         
                  
                    
                
                    
                     
                    
      
                                                                                 
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 36 
 
Diagram 3 — Equipment Store and Admin Collaboration  It can be seen that these diagrams show 
how the Business Owner handles product listings and subscriptions via StoreService and 
SubscriptionService, how a Player makes an equipment order via OrderService, and how Admin handles 
store registration via MongoDB . The Player communicates with the system by navigation through 
available equipment and by making orders on the Order Service, currently doing transaction processing 
and ensuring records of orders. At the  same time, the Admin processes and checks store registration 
applications as a means of integrity and compliance. MongoDB supports all the interactions in terms of 
persistent storage of the product data, subscription in
formation, and transaction records. The chart indicates the synchronized nature of operations that 
facilitate the smooth marketplace experience in the platform. 
Fig9.Collaboration Diagram(Admin and Business) 
 
 
 
                                                 
              
              
             
                         
       
               
                    
                    
             
                
      
            
        
        
                    
             
              
                   
              
                   
                
               
            
              
              
                  
                
      
                                                                                
                                                                                                                                      
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 37 
ACTIVITY DIAGRAM 
Player Activity Diagram 
This figure demonstrates the manner in which the Player services profile and obtains coach 
recommendations using RecommendationService, in which training requests are processed by use of 
TrainingService, in which attendance and performance is directly moni tored, in which ground booking 
is conducted using BookingService and finally in which equipment orders are placed using OrderService. 
 
Fig10.Activity Diagram of player 
 
 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 38 
Coach Activity Diagram 
This diagram shows how the Coach handles profile and availability with the help of CoachService, 
training requests are processed with TrainingService, how attendance and performance evaluation are 
performed, and decision on player progress which will result in generation of reports are made. 
 
Fig11.Activity Diagram of coach 
 
 
 
 
 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 39 
Admin Activity Diagram 
This is the diagram, which shows how the Admin does the verification of the coaches, the business 
owners, the verification is conducted by VerificationService, the users are served by UserService, the 
training sessions and bookings are monitored by ReportS ervice and generated by ReportService. 
 
Fig12.Activity Diagram of Admin 
 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 40 
 
Activity Diagram Business Owner 
This figure shows how the Business Owner handles listings of products and subscriptions by use of 
StoreService and SubscriptionService, orders processed by use of OrderService and approval and 
verification of business operations by the Admin.. 
 
 
Fig13.Activity Diagrm of business owner 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 41 
 
DFD Diagrams 
DFD LEVEL 0 
This diagram displays the interaction of Player, Coach, Admin, and Business Owner with the Sports 
Ecosystem Platform as a unit system, communicating with one another in the form of requests, responses 
and system outputs. 
 
Fig14.DFD level 0 
DFD LEVEL 1 
This figure shows the division of the system into significant processes such as User Management, 
Training System, Booking System, E-Commerce System, and Admin Control and their interaction with 
all the actors and data stores.  
 
Fig15.DFD level 1 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 42 
 
DFD LEVEL 2 
This diagram demonstrates how complex subsystems such as training, booking, and e -commerce are 
then broken down into specific processes with the interactions between Player, Coach, Business Owner, 
and Admin. 
 
Fig16.DFD level 2 
 
DFD LEVEL 3 
This is a flow chart showing the fine details of the performance evaluation process of data collection, 
data analysis, data scoring, decision making and report writing of Coach, Player and Admin.  
 
Fig17.DFD level 3 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 43 
 
LEVEL BASED SIQUENCE DIAGRAMS 
ADMIN 
Coach And Business verification:This diagram captures the Admin's verification governance workflow 
— the critical quality assurance process that controls platform membership. The sequence demonstrates 
how the Verification Service retrieves both the applicant's profile data and their uplo aded document 
references from the File Storage Service to present a complete dossier to the Admin reviewer. Three 
decision outcomes are shown — approval activating the account, rejection with a documented reason, 
and a request for additional documentation — each recording the Admin's identity and timestamp in an 
audit trail. This audit trail ensures accountability for every verification decision and provides a reference 
if an applicant disputes an outcome. 
Step-by-step flow: 
1. Admin navigates to Verification Queue page 
2. VerificationService queries UserDB for all accounts with status PENDING_REVIEW (both 
coaches and business owners) 
3. Verification queue returned with applicant name, role, submission date, document count, and 
current status 
4. Admin clicks Review on a Coach application 
5. VerificationService retrieves full coach profile: personal details, expertise, academy location, 
sport type, years of experience 
6. FileStorageService retrieves references to uploaded documents (certification files, academy 
proof) 
7. Full coach dossier displayed to Admin including document preview links 
8. alt Admin clicks Approve → VerificationService updates User status to VERIFIED and 
ACTIVE, records approval timestamp and Admin ID in audit trail, triggers notification to Coach 
9. alt Admin clicks Reject → Admin enters rejection reason in modal, VerificationService updates 
status to REJECTED, stores rejection reason and Admin ID in audit trail, triggers notification to 
Coach with reason 
10. alt Admin clicks Request More Documents → VerificationService updates status to 
PENDING_MORE_DOCS, notifies applicant to upload additional files 
11. Same flow applies identically to Business Owner verification with legal document review instead 
of certifications 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 44 
 
 
 
 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 45 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 46 
User Management :This diagram shows the Admin's comprehensive user account management 
capability, from basic search and profile inspection through account suspension and permanent deletion. 
The suspension workflow demonstrates that linked data such as existing training ses sions is preserved 
rather than deleted — protecting coaches and other players who may be connected to the suspended 
account. The deletion safety check that verifies blocking dependencies before proceeding demonstrates 
data integrity consciousness, and the soft-delete approach that anonymizes personal data while 
preserving transaction records shows awareness of both user privacy and financial record requirements. 
Step-by-step flow: 
1. Admin navigates to User Management page with search and role/status filters 
2. UserManagementService queries UserDB with applied filters — returns user list with name, 
email, role badge, registration date, location, account status 
3. Admin searches by email — UserManagementService performs real-time filtered query 
4. Admin views a specific user profile — full account details returned via SlidePanel 
5. Admin suspends a user account 
6. UserManagementService updates User status from ACTIVE to SUSPENDED in UserDB 
7. Active training sessions linked to this user are preserved (not deleted) to protect other 
stakeholders 
8. NotificationService sends ACCOUNT SUSPENDED notification to user's email 
9. Suspension confirmation returned to Admin 
10. alt Admin reactivates suspended user → status updated back to ACTIVE, NotificationService 
sends reactivation email 
11. Admin initiates permanent account deletion (requires typing DELETE to confirm) 
12. UserManagementService checks for pending financial transactions or active bookings linked to 
this account 
13. alt No blocking dependencies → UserManagementService soft-deletes User record, anonymizes 
personal data, preserves transaction records for financial integrity 
14. alt Blocking dependencies exist → deletion blocked, Admin informed of which dependencies 
must be resolved first 
15. Deletion confirmation returned to Admin 
 
 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 47 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 48 
 
Ground Management :This diagram covers the Admin's dual role in ground management — 
configuring the facility infrastructure and monitoring its real -time utilization. The ground creation 
sequence shows the time slot grid configuration where each enabled slot generates an indi vidual 
TimeSlot record that the booking system references. The monitoring portion demonstrates calendar -
based oversight that gives the Admin a spatial view of platform facility usage, with the ability to drill 
into specific days. The admin cancellation workflow shows the complete cleanup chain — releasing the 
slot, processing the refund, and notifying the affected player — demonstrating that admin interventions 
are handled with full downstream consequence management. 
Step-by-step flow: 
1. Admin views Ground Management page — GroundManagementService returns all grounds with 
status, occupancy, and sport type 
2. Admin clicks Add New Ground — multi-step form: Step 1 ground details (name, sport type, 
location, capacity, price per slot), Step 2 weekly time slot grid configuration, Step 3 confirmation 
3. GroundManagementService creates Ground record in GroundDB 
4. GroundManagementService creates TimeSlot records for all enabled slots — one record per day-
time combination 
5. New ground immediately available for Player booking 
6. Admin disables a specific time slot (e.g., for maintenance) 
7. GroundManagementService updates TimeSlot status to DISABLED 
8. Any future booking attempts for this slot are rejected by GroundBookingService 
9. Admin navigates to Booking Monitoring 
10. BookingMonitoringService queries BookingDB — returns monthly calendar view with booking 
counts per day and occupancy percentages 
11. Admin clicks a specific date — daily booking list returned with player names, time slots, payment 
status 
12. Admin cancels a problematic booking 
13. BookingMonitoringService updates booking status to CANCELLED_BY_ADMIN, releases the 
time slot back to AVAILABLE, triggers refund through PaymentService, notifies Player of 
cancellation with reason 
 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 49 
 
 
 
 
 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 50 
 Performance Monitoring :This diagram combines the Admin's performance oversight and dispute 
resolution responsibilities — two governance functions that together maintain platform quality and user 
trust. The performance monitoring portion shows automated anomaly detection that surfaces problematic 
patterns to the Admin without requiring manual data inspection, converting raw evaluation data into 
actionable oversight signals. The complaint resolution workflow demonstrates a structured four -option 
resolution f ramework — each option producing a different downstream effect through the relevant 
service. The requirement that resolution notes be recorded before closure ensures documented 
accountability for every complaint outcome, supporting the platform's commitmen t to transparent 
governance. 
Step-by-step flow: 
1. Admin navigates to Performance Monitoring — selects Player View 
2. PerformanceMonitoringService queries EvaluationDB — aggregates performance data across all 
players 
3. System auto-flags anomalies: players with 3+ consecutive absences or 15%+ performance drop 
in last 7 days 
4. Alert cards returned to Admin: "Critical Drop — [Player Name] — -18% in Fitness over 7 days 
— INVESTIGATE" 
5. Admin clicks INVESTIGATE — detailed performance breakdown for that player returned with 
full evaluation history 
6. Admin navigates to Complaint Management 
7. ComplaintService queries ComplaintDB — returns complaints filtered by status (Pending / 
Under Review / Resolved / Dismissed) 
8. Admin selects a complaint — ComplaintService returns full complaint detail: reference ID, 
submitter, target, complaint type, description, relevant session or transaction references 
 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 51 
 
 
 
 
 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 52 
 Complaint And Subscription Management :This diagram demonstrates the Admin's platform 
intelligence and commercial oversight capabilities through report generation and subscription 
monitoring. The reporting workflow shows how the Reporting Service aggregates data across multiple 
database collections to produce structured analytical views, supporting both operational monitoring (user 
activity, booking trends) and financial oversight (revenue by payment type, subscription health). The 
subscription monitoring p ortion shows the expiry flagging mechanism that surfaces time -sensitive 
renewals to the Admin, and the manual renewal reminder capability demonstrates the Admin's ability to 
intervene proactively in the platform's commercial relationships. Together these f unctions give the 
Admin the information infrastructure needed for evidence-based platform governance. 
Step-by-step flow: 
1. Admin navigates to Reports and Analytics page 
2. Admin selects Report Type: User Statistics 
3. ReportingService aggregates from UserDB: total registered users by role, new registrations over 
selected date range, active vs suspended account counts, verification approval rates 
4. Report data returned — rendered as summary stat cards, area chart of registration growth, and 
role distribution donut chart 
5. Admin selects Revenue report type 
6. ReportingService queries PaymentDB: total revenue by payment type (coach fees, bookings, 
equipment, subscriptions), revenue trend over period, average transaction value 
7. Revenue report data returned — area chart, bar chart by payment type, high-value transaction list 
8. Admin clicks Export PDF — ReportingService generates structured PDF document 
9. Download link returned — Admin downloads report 
10. Admin navigates to Subscription Payments 
11. SubscriptionService queries SubscriptionDB — returns all subscriptions with package type, 
usage bar (listings used/quota), expiry dates, payment status 
12. System flags subscriptions expiring within 7 days with "URGENT" badge 
13. Admin clicks Send Renewal Reminder — NotificationService sends renewal reminder email to 
Business Owner 
14. Admin manually adjusts a subscription — SubscriptionService updates subscription record with 
new package type or listing limit 
 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 53 
 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 54 
 
 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 55 
PLAYER 
 Registration and Profile Management:This foundational sequence diagram covers the Player's entry 
into the platform through registration, authentication, and profile maintenance. The diagram shows the 
three-step registration process with field validation at each stage and the duplicate email check. It 
demonstrates the secure authentication flow — password hashing on registration, hash comparison on 
login, and JWT issuance — that underlies every subsequent platform interaction. The profile 
management portion shows how the same JWT -protected pip eline handles ongoing profile updates, 
establishing the authentication architecture that protects all Player operations throughout the platform. 
Step-by-step flow: 
1. Player submits multi-step registration form: personal details (Step 1), sport type and skill level 
selection (Step 2), review and confirm (Step 3) 
2. AuthService validates all fields — email format, password strength, required fields completeness 
3. alt Email already exists → return duplicate email error to Player 
4. AuthService hashes password using bcrypt, creates User record with role tag "PLAYER" and 
status "ACTIVE" 
5. UserManagementService creates Player profile record linked to User ID, stores sport type, skill 
level, location 
6. NotificationService sends welcome email to Player 
7. Registration success confirmation returned to Player 
8. Player submits login credentials (email + password) 
9. AuthService retrieves User record by email, compares submitted password against stored hash 
10. alt Credentials valid → AuthService generates signed JWT token encoding userID and role, 
returns token to Player 
11. alt Credentials invalid → return authentication error 
12. Player with valid JWT requests profile update (sport type change, location update) 
13. API Gateway validates JWT, confirms Player role 
14. UserManagementService updates Player profile record in database 
15. Success confirmation returned 
 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 56 
 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 57 
 
 
 
 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 58 
Automated Coach Recommendation And Trainng Session :This diagram captures the two most 
critical Player workflows in a single sequence — the intelligent coach discovery process and the training 
request submission. It demonstrates how the Recommendation Engine retrieves player profile data from 
the authoritative database source rather than trusting frontend input, computing a ranked match score. 
The sequence then shows how a player proceeds from receiving recommendations to submitting a formal 
training request, which triggers the notification pipeline to alert the coach. This flow is central to the 
platform's value proposition of replacing manual coach searching with algorithm-driven matching. 
Step-by-step flow to show: 
1. Player submits coach recommendation request with sport type and location preferences 
2. API Gateway validates JWT token and checks Player role permission 
3. API Gateway forwards request to RecommendationEngine 
4. RecommendationEngine calls UserManagementService to fetch Player's authoritative profile 
(sport type, skill level, location) — this prevents frontend manipulation of matching criteria 
5. UserManagementService returns verified profile data from database 
6. RecommendationEngine queries CoachDB for all verified active coaches matching sport type 
7. RecommendationEngine computes composite score (proximity + skill alignment) for each 
matched coach 
8. Ranked coach list returned to Player interface 
9. Player selects a coach and submits training request with preferred date, time slot, and optional 
message 
10. TrainingManagementService creates a pending request record in the database 
11. NotificationService triggered — sends alert to Coach that a new request is waiting 
12. System returns confirmation to Player that request has been submitted 
 
 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 59 
 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 60 
 
 
 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 61 
Ground Booking :This sequence diagram illustrates the ground booking workflow with particular 
emphasis on the slot reservation concurrency mechanism. When a player selects a time slot, the Ground 
Booking Service immediately marks it as temporarily held in the database bef ore payment begins, 
ensuring no other player can claim the same slot during the payment window. The diagram shows three 
alternative paths — successful payment leading to confirmed booking, failed payment releasing the held 
slot, and automatic expiry of the hold — demonstrating how the system handles real -world concurrent 
booking attempts without requiring complex database locking mechanisms. 
Step-by-step flow: 
1. Player requests available grounds filtered by sport type and location 
2. GroundBookingService queries GroundDB and returns ground list with real-time slot availability 
3. Player selects a ground and chooses an available time slot 
4. GroundBookingService immediately marks the slot as HELD in the database (5 -minute 
temporary reservation) — preventing any other player from selecting the same slot 
5. System returns booking summary to Player with total price 
6. Player submits payment details 
7. PaymentService constructs authorization payload and sends to external Payment Gateway 
8. alt Payment Gateway returns SUCCESS → GroundBookingService converts temporary HELD 
status to CONFIRMED, generates booking confirmation number, triggers NotificationService to 
send confirmation to Player 
9. alt Payment Gateway returns FAILURE → GroundBookingService releases the HELD slot back 
to AVAILABLE, returns payment failure message to Player with retry option 
10. alt 5-minute hold expires without payment → automated release of slot back to AVAILABLE 
 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 62 
 
 
 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 63 
 Performance Tracking  :This diagram demonstrates the performance analytics pipeline that gives 
players comprehensive visibility into their development. The Performance Service coordinates with both 
the Evaluation database and the Attendance Service in parallel to aggregate a com plete performance 
profile — covering total points, category -wise scores, attendance rate, and identified weak areas. The 
sequence shows how raw coach evaluation records are transformed into actionable development insights, 
presenting players with data that tracks their progression trajectory and identifies specific areas requiring 
attention. 
Step-by-step flow: 
1. Player navigates to Performance Dashboard 
2. API Gateway authenticates and routes to PerformanceService 
3. PerformanceService queries EvaluationDB for all weekly evaluations belonging to this Player 
4. PerformanceService simultaneously queries AttendanceService for attendance records across all 
sessions 
5. PerformanceService aggregates data — computes total points, category breakdowns (Technique, 
Fitness, Attitude), attendance rate, tier classification 
6. PerformanceService identifies weak points from coach comments in evaluation records 
7. System returns aggregated performance object to Player interface 
8. Player interface renders: total points in Orbitron, three category progress bars, trend chart data, 
evaluation history table, and weak points panel 
9. Player requests detailed view of a specific evaluation 
10. PerformanceService fetches individual evaluation record with full coach comments 
11. Detailed evaluation modal returned to Player 
 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 64 
 
 
 
 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 65 
Equipment Purchasing:This sequence diagram captures the complete equipment purchase workflow 
from product discovery through payment confirmation. A key aspect shown is the stock validation step 
performed by the Order Service before creating order records — ensuring inventory a ccuracy and 
preventing overselling when multiple players attempt to purchase the same item simultaneously. The 
diagram also shows how a completed purchase triggers parallel notifications to both the Player (order 
confirmation) and the Business Owner (new order alert), demonstrating the interconnected nature of the 
platform's marketplace ecosystem. 
Step-by-step flow: 
1. Player browses equipment store with category and price filters 
2. ProductService queries ProductDB and returns filtered product list with real-time stock status 
3. Player adds product to cart (client-side cart state management) 
4. Player proceeds to checkout — submits shipping address 
5. Player submits payment details 
6. OrderService checks current stock quantity for each cart item against ProductDB before creating 
order — prevents overselling 
7. alt Sufficient stock → OrderService creates Order record and associated OrderItem records, 
decrements stock quantity in ProductDB 
8. PaymentService processes card payment through Payment Gateway 
9. alt Payment SUCCESS → Order status updated to CONFIRMED, receipt generated, 
NotificationService alerts Player with order confirmation and Business Owner with new order 
notification 
10. alt Payment FAILURE → Order record marked CANCELLED, stock quantity restored, error 
returned to Player 
 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 66 
 
 
 
 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 67 
COACH 
 
 Profile Management And Avaibility Management :This diagram covers two interconnected coach 
profile management workflows — availability scheduling and certification management — that together 
determine the coach's visibility and credibility on the platform. The availability portion shows how the 
weekly time slot grid is persisted as individual availability records that the Recommendation Engine and 
Player booking interface use to determine scheduling options. The certification workflow demonstrates 
the document upload and admin review pipeline, showing how uploaded files are stored by reference in 
the File Storage Service while the Verification Service maintains the review lifecycle with its audit trail 
of admin decisions. 
Step-by-step flow: 
1. Coach navigates to Availability Calendar 
2. CoachManagementService retrieves existing availability schedule from AvailabilityDB 
3. Coach sets weekly availability by toggling time slots (6AM–10PM, Mon–Sun grid) 
4. Coach enables Recurring toggle — marks schedule as weekly repeating 
5. Coach saves availability 
6. CoachManagementService writes CoachAvailability records to database — one per enabled slot 
7. Availability confirmation returned to Coach 
8. Coach navigates to Certifications page — uploads new certification document 
9. FileStorageService stores uploaded file and returns file path reference 
10. VerificationService creates Certificate record with status PENDING, stores file path reference 
11. Admin receives notification of new certificate submission requiring review 
12. Certificate upload confirmation returned to Coach with PENDING status badge 
13. alt Admin approves → Certificate status updated to VERIFIED, Coach notified via 
NotificationService 
14. alt Admin rejects → Certificate status updated to REJECTED, Coach notified with rejection 
reason and option to re-upload 
 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 68 
 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 69 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 70 
 Training Requests:This diagram covers the training request management lifecycle from the Coach's 
perspective — the most operationally significant workflow in the coaching module. When a coach 
accepts a request, the diagram shows how the Training Management Service not only updates the request 
status but also creates a formal session record and signals the Attendance Service to prepare the 
attendance tracking structure — demonstrating the cascading coordination that happens behind a single 
coach action. The alternative decline path shows how rejection reasons are preserved and communicated 
to the player, maintaining transparent communication throughout the coaching relationship. 
Step-by-step flow: 
1. Coach navigates to Training Requests page — authenticated JWT verified by API Gateway 
2. TrainingManagementService queries TrainingDB for all pending requests where coachID 
matches 
3. Pending request list returned to Coach interface with player details, sport type, requested time, 
and player message 
4. Coach reviews request details — clicks Accept 
5. TrainingManagementService updates request status from PENDING to ACCEPTED in 
TrainingDB 
6. TrainingManagementService creates a formal TrainingSession record in the database 
7. TrainingManagementService signals AttendanceService to prepare an attendance record 
structure for the new session 
8. NotificationService triggered — sends ACCEPTED notification to Player 
9. Success response returned to Coach confirming acceptance 
10. alt Coach clicks Decline → TrainingManagementService updates status to REJECTED, stores 
optional rejection message 
11. NotificationService triggered — sends DECLINED notification to Player with rejection reason 
12. Success response returned to Coach 
 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 71 
 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 72 
Attandence Marking and Performance Evaluation:This diagram illustrates two tightly related coach 
workflows — attendance recording and performance evaluation — showing how they share common 
session data while operating through separate service pathways. The attendance flow demonstrates the 
per-player marking mechanism with optional absence notes, while the evaluation flow shows how the 
Performance Service retrieves contextual data (recent attendance, prior evaluation) before presenting the 
evaluation form to the coach. The validation step that checks score ranges before writing the evaluation 
record shows a data integrity mechanism, and the final notification trigger demonstrates how the 
platform keeps players informed of their coach's assessments automatically. 
Step-by-step flow: 
1. Coach selects a conducted session from the session dropdown 
2. AttendanceService loads enrolled player list for that session from TrainingDB 
3. Coach marks each player as PRESENT or ABSENT with optional absence notes 
4. AttendanceService writes attendance records to database — one record per player per session 
5. Save confirmation returned to Coach 
6. Coach navigates to Performance Evaluation — selects a player from the student list 
7. PerformanceService loads player's recent attendance summary and last evaluation record to 
display context 
8. Coach assigns category scores: Technique (0–100), Fitness (0–100), Attitude (0–100) 
9. Coach adds evaluation comments and identifies weak points 
10. Coach submits evaluation 
11. PerformanceService validates that all three scores are within permitted range 
12. PerformanceService calculates total score (sum of three categories) 
13. PerformanceService writes Evaluation record to EvaluationDB 
14. NotificationService triggered — sends EVALUATION SUBMITTED notification to Player with 
total score 
15. Submission success and animated confirmation returned to Coach 
 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 73 
 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 74 
 
 
 
 
 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 75 
BUSINESS OWNER 
Registration:This diagram captures the Business Owner's onboarding pipeline, which uniquely requires 
administrative document verification before any store activity is permitted. The sequence shows how 
legal documents are stored by file path reference in the File Storag e Service while the Verification 
Service manages the review lifecycle independently. Three alternative verification outcomes are shown 
— approval activating the account, rejection with documented reason, and a request for additional 
documentation — each producing a different notification to the Business Owner. This verification gate 
is what differentiates the platform from an unverified open marketplace, ensuring only legitimate sports 
businesses operate on the platform 
Step-by-step flow: 
1. Business Owner submits three-step registration: owner details (Step 1), legal document uploads 
— Business License and Tax Registration (Step 2), review and submit (Step 3) 
2. AuthService validates input and creates User record with role BUSINESS_OWNER and status 
PENDING 
3. FileStorageService stores uploaded legal documents and returns file path references 
4. VerificationService creates verification record with document paths and status 
PENDING_REVIEW 
5. Admin receives notification of new business owner application requiring document review 
6. Welcome email sent to Business Owner acknowledging receipt and review timeline 
7. Admin reviews business profile and legal documents 
8. alt Admin approves → VerificationService updates account status to VERIFIED and ACTIVE, 
store becomes publicly visible, Business Owner notified of approval 
9. alt Admin rejects → VerificationService updates status to REJECTED, stores rejection reason, 
Business Owner notified with specific reason and option to resubmit 
10. alt Admin requests more documents → status set to PENDING_MORE_DOCS, Business Owner 
notified to upload additional documentation 
11. Upon approval → Business Owner can now configure store, add products within subscription 
quota 
 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 76 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 77 
Subscription ManagementAnd Store Setup:This diagram demonstrates the subscription-gated 
product management system that forms the platform's primary commercial model for Business 
Owners. The sequence shows how the listing quota is enforced at the service layer through a counter-
based mechanism — the Product Service reads the current counter before any addition and increments 
or decrements it as products are added or removed. This counter-based approach is more efficient than 
scanning the full product collection on each operation. The subscription upgrade flow shows the 
payment pipeline that expands the quota, and the deletion safety check demonstrates how the system 
protects order integrity by preventing removal of products with active orders. 
Step-by-step flow: 
1. Business Owner navigates to Subscription Plan page 
2. SubscriptionService retrieves current subscription record from SubscriptionDB — returns plan 
type, expiry date, listing quota, used listings count 
3. Business Owner selects an upgrade (e.g., Basic to Pro) 
4. Business Owner submits payment details for subscription payment 
5. PaymentService processes subscription payment through Payment Gateway 
6. alt Payment SUCCESS → SubscriptionService updates subscription record: new package type, 
new listing quota, new expiry date, resets billing cycle 
7. NotificationService sends subscription upgrade confirmation to Business Owner 
8. Business Owner attempts to add a new product 
9. ProductService reads current usedListings counter from SubscriptionDB 
10. Business Owner deletes a product  
11.  ProductService checks for pending orders on this product before deletion  
12.  alt No pending orders → ProductService deletes Product record, decrements usedListings 
counter  
13.   alt Pending orders exist → ProductService blocks deletion, suggests marking product as Out of 
Stock instead 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 78 
 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 79 
 
 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 80 
 
Order Management:This diagram shows the order fulfillment workflow from the Business Owner's 
operational perspective, covering the order visibility, detail inspection, and status progression lifecycle. 
The status update sequence shows validation of permitted status transit ions — ensuring logical order 
progression — and the automatic customer notification that fires on every status change, keeping the 
purchasing player informed without requiring manual Business Owner communication. The cancellation 
alternative path demonstrates inventory restoration, showing how cancelled orders correctly return stock 
quantities to the available count in the Product database. 
Step-by-step flow: 
1. Business Owner navigates to Orders page 
2. OrderService retrieves all orders for this Business Owner's products from OrderDB — supports 
filtering by status (All / Pending / Processing / Shipped / Completed) 
3. Order list with customer details, product summary, amounts, and status badges returned 
4. Business Owner clicks to view order detail 
5. OrderService returns full order record: customer name, location, ordered items with quantities 
and unit prices, payment status, current order status 
6. Business Owner updates order status (e.g., Pending → Processing → Shipped) 
7. OrderService validates the status transition is permitted (cannot skip from Pending to Completed) 
8. OrderService updates order status in OrderDB with timestamp 
9. NotificationService triggers customer notification: "Your order #[orderID] has been [new 
status]" 
10. Status update confirmation returned to Business Owner 
11. alt Player cancels an order (before Shipped) → OrderService updates status to CANCELLED, 
restores stock quantity for all cancelled items in ProductDB, Business Owner notified of 
cancellation 
 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 81 
 
 
 
 
 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 82 
 Sales Report:This diagram demonstrates the sales intelligence capability that the Reporting Service 
provides to Business Owners by aggregating data across three separate database collections 
simultaneously — Orders, Products, and Payments. The parallel query approach p roduces a 
comprehensive analytics view in a single response rather than requiring multiple sequential requests. 
The date range filtering shows how Business Owners can focus analysis on specific periods, and the 
export pathway demonstrates how  aggregated insights can be extracted as a structured PDF document 
— giving Business Owners a shareable performance report suitable for business planning purposes. 
Step-by-step flow: 
1. Business Owner navigates to Sales Overview 
2. ReportingService aggregates data from multiple collections simultaneously:  
• Queries OrderDB for order volume by date, status distribution, completion rate 
• Queries ProductDB for units sold per product, top performing product identification 
• Queries PaymentDB for revenue by period, average order value 
3. ReportingService computes derived metrics: revenue trend over 14 days, order status breakdown 
percentages, best-selling product with units sold this week 
4.  Business Owner applies date range filter (e.g., Last 7 Days / Last 30 Days)  
5.   ReportingService re-runs aggregation queries with date constraints  
6.  Updated analytics returned and charts refresh  
7. Business Owner requests PDF export  
8. ReportingService generates structured report document with all chart data and summary statistics  
9.   Report download link returned to Business Owner 
 
 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 83 
 
   

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 84 
3.3 Design Reuse and Design Patterns 
The Sports Ecosystem Platform adheres to a few considerations design patterns to base its structural and 
behavioral choices, each grounded in a particular reason which is based in the complexity of the multi -
role of the platform. 
The outermost structural choice is made as the three -tier architectural pattern basing separation of 
responsibilities between presentation, application, and data entities into various layers, which only 
interact via specified interfaces. The platform lies within the application layer that is a service -oriented 
pattern where every component in the backend represents a single business unit that helps it to be reused 
by different frontend modules because it is able to use the same service without having to imp lement 
logic again. The authentication procedure, as example, is coded once in the authentication service and 
invoked identically irrespective of the role of user making a login. 
The Gateway pattern is used at the entry point of the API which concentrates authentication, checking 
of role, and rate limiting in a single point as opposed to repetition of these functions within the various 
elements of the service. The notification service is controlled by the Observer pattern that listens to the 
event reports given by other services and responds without having to know anything of the notification 
system directly. 
The principles of normalization are ensured at the database level and used continuously to remove 
redundancy of data along with such that updates made to one record is reflected appropriately on all 
other entities that are in relations with the former entities without any inconsistencies at all. 
 
3.4 Technology Architecture  
The Sports Ecosystem Platform is developed based on a well considered list of technologies that have 
been chosen because of their compatibility with the multi-role architecture of the platform, their maturity 
as production-quality tools, and their ability to fit in within the timeframe and skill level of the team 
needed to address this project within the academic schedule. 
The frontend is created with React.js, a component -based programming library that works with 
JavaScript and allows the application of dynamic component-based interface rendering with dynamism, 
rendering of role -specific interfaces without total page reload  between elements. The Tailwind CSS 
framework uses utility classes to all visual styling, which exists in the markup of the component, and the 
style logic is physically situated alongside the component markup. The Express.js framework allows the 
backend to be based on a lightweight and adaptable foundation of defining API routes and service logic 
to all operations of the platform. JSON Web Tokens manage the authentication state in all user sessions 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 85 
so that stateless authentication is performed at the API Gateway instead of the database querying each 
request inward bound. 
The main data store in all platform data stores is the MongoDB database technology. MongoDB is a 
document-based NoSQL database, which is uniquely suited to the diverse data models of the platform, 
that is, player profile, trainings session, product listing , and notification record each has its own set of 
fields, which naturally follows the schema -flexible collection model of MongoDB. As an Object Data 
Modeling library over used on MongoDB, Mongoose adds schema definitions, typicalization rules, and 
relationship references to the document collections, and doesn’t limit the adaptability of MongoDB. The 
store of file uploads such as coach certification papers, business owner legal files and product pictures 
are in a separate file storage service to which document paths in the applicable collections in the package 
MongoDB repositories are referred. 
 
 
Layer Technology Purpose 
Frontend Framework React.js Component-based dynamic interface 
rendering 
UI Styling Tailwind CSS Utility-based responsive visual styling 
Backend Runtime Node.js Server-side JavaScript execution 
environment 
Backend Framework Express.js API route definition and middleware 
management 
Authentication JSON Web Token Stateless session management across all 
roles 
Database MongoDB Document-oriented NoSQL data storage 
ODM Library Mongoose Schema definition and validation over 
MongoDB 
File Storage Dedicated File Storage 
Service 
Binary content storage for documents and 
images 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 86 
Version Control Git and GitHub Source code management and team 
collaboration 
Development 
Environment 
Visual Studio Code Primary code editor across all team 
members 
API Testing Postman Backend API endpoint testing and 
validation 
 
  
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 87 
4. Screenshots/Prototype  
4.1 Workflow 
It begins by a user enrolling the Sports Ecosystem Platform when one reaches the web-based application 
and enters the account by providing personal details i.e. name, email, password, sport of interest, skill 
level, and location. And in case the user has a lready an account, he or she simply logs in with the 
assistance of his or her credentials. This system will authenticate the typed information and in event the 
authentication is successful the user dashboard will be accessed. On logging in, the player is t hen 
supposed to fill or update his profile so that he can get the appropriate list of recommendations and the 
mechanism of the system. 
Upon completing the profile, it contrasts the data inputted by the player with the type of sport she plays, 
the degree of skilfulness and location where she is found to present a list of profile of the coaches which 
the system has suggested to the player. These recommendations are based on the fact that such criteria 
as the expertise of coaches, their availability, ratings and the proximity are similar. The player can see 
the list of proposed coaches, to make the detail profile and make a choice of a coach.  After identifying 
the coach, the player makes some requests connected to the times of the training provision as well as 
other requirements. 
The request is forwarded to the coach where he/she will check the profile of the player and the schedule 
requested. The coach accepts or rejects the request based on the availability and capacity. As system is 
accepted, the schedule of training is generated automatically and a player and coach are informed about 
it. Then the player can look at the schedule he has confirmed, displayed on his dashboard, and be able 
to prepare his future sessions. 
The site also provides the option of the booking of an indoor ground other than training. The gamer will 
select the sport desired, when desired and what time and hardware will confirm in real time availability 
of grounds. When the slot of the option of the selected slot is in use, the system will temporarily lock the 
slot and redirect the player to payment gateway. The player remits the payments by use of the secure 
methods such as debit cards, credit cards etc. Immediately the payment is successfully made, the booking 
is confirmed and receipt sent. In case of paying failure, it is deemed to cancel the reservation, and the 
player is recommended to redo it. 
Those activities should be conducted by the coach, the attendance made, and the performance of the 
player measured during the training sessions. The coach will possess another set of criteria which they 
will base their performance points where they will in volve improvement in performance skills, hard 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 88 
work and consistency. The system captures this data and reflects in the performance dash board of a 
player whereby the players can measure their performance over a certain duration of time through 
analytics and reports. 
 
Swim Lane Diagram  
 
 
 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 89 
4.2 Screens 
ADMIN INTERFACES 
 
1.Dashboard 
Admin Dashboard is an overview of the whole platform which shows the most important metrics: total 
users, bookings, and activity of the system. It allows the administrators to track the performance, monitor 
the latest activities and see forthcoming tasks. Dashboard provides effective decision -making through 
the display of real -time insights. It is also the central control panel on how to control the system 
operations 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 90 
2.Coach verification 
Coach Verification module will allow the administrator to examine and confirm coach registration 
requests. It also shows a lot of details such as personal data, expertise, experience, and uploaded 
certification documents. These papers are scrutinized by th e administrator so that there is authenticity 
and credibility. According to the assessment, the admin may accept or disapprove the coach application. 
The admin can demand some extra documents to verify the information in case of the absence of 
information or its invalidity. This will process will make sure that only qualified and verified coaches 
can work as coaches on the platform. It improves the trust and preserves the quality of coaching services 
delivered to players. On the whole, this module is important to achieve the security and reliability of the 
system. 
 
 
 
 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 91 
3.User Management 
User Management module also enables the administrator to easily control all registered users in the 
system. It enables an all encompassing perspective regarding various user positions such as players, 
coaches, and business owners. The administrator is able to create, read, update, and delete user accounts 
when required. It also allows the search, filtering, as well as sorting of users on different criteria to get 
quick access. The system provides the access control of roles; therefore, proper authorization will be 
granted to every type of user. Administrators are able to update users, turn off accounts as well as delete 
users when required. This module assists in preserving data integrity, security as well as organization of 
the systems. In general, it is in strumental in the provision of well -flowing user administrations and 
management of platforms. 
 
 
 
 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 92 
4.Report and analytics 
Reports and Analytics module can give the administrator the deep understanding of the system 
performance and user actions. It shows important statistics on the total number of users, number of 
booking, revenue, and history of transactions. The module can b e used to filter data by date, user 
permissions and by individual activities to understand them better. Charts and other graphical 
representations can be used to make sense of trends and patterns. Admins will be able to track the growth 
of a system, detect problems, and make valuable decisions. It also helps in creation and export of reports 
like PDF or Excel. This module is a benefit to transparent management and data-driven management of 
the platform. All in all, it is critical in planning strategy and performance appraisal. 
 
 
 
 
 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 93 
PLAYER INTERFACES 
1.Profile 
The Player Profile screen enables users to access and edit their personal data in the system. It contains 
information about the name, contact details, likes sport, his/her level of skills, and location. The player 
can update their profile, so that they hav e correct recommendations and the system can interact better 
with the player. Past training history, attendance, and points given to players by coaches can also be 
reflected on the profile. It assists players to monitor their performance and see what aspec ts they are 
doing poorly. Also, the profile provides customized suggestions of coaches using up-to-date information. 
 
 
 
 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 94 
2.Dashboard 
The Player Dashboard gives a detailed view of what the user has done and what the user has achieved 
in the platform. It shows important data like the next training sessions, recent booking and 
performance summaries. The dashboard enables a faster access to certain key features such as coach 
recommendations and ground bookings. It also brings out announcements and changes regarding 
training and system events. Different modules can be easily accessed by the user through this central 
interface. The information is real-time which keeps the players updated on their schedules and 
progress. This aspect adds usability and makes general user experience better. It is the primary control 
unit in talking to the players. 
 
 
 
 
 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 95 
3.Performance tracking 
The Performance Tracking module will allow the players to see their progress and development as time 
goes by. It shows the performance points given to coaches according to different evaluation parameters. 
 
 
 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 96 
4.Training schedules 
Training Schedules screen, enables the player to see and organize their future training programs. It also 
presents a professional calendar with the dates and timings of session, and the coaches designated. 
Detailed representations of every session such as location and training plans can be made available to 
players. The system will update the schedules in real-time to prevent any conflict. 
 
 
 
 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 97 
Coach Interfaces 
1.Dashboard 
The Coach dashboard gives a simplified view of everything done by coaches in the platform. It shows 
the major details including students assigned, the following training sessions, and latest requests. The 
management of schedules and tracking results are rather significant features that coaches can easily turn 
to. New training requests and updates on the system are also indicated in the dashboard. 
 
 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 98 
2.Students 
The My Students module will enable the coaches to see and navigate through all assigned players. It will 
provide specifics about every student, such as the skill level, the history of the training, and the progress. 
Internet-based coaches will be able to track individual performance and attendance records. The module 
can be beneficial in keeping track of lists of students as a way of managing training better Coaches can 
also use the module to get the profile of students in order to plan individual training sessions. The feature 
facilitates proper communication and relationship between coach and players. It provides the trainer with 
full access to the trainees. On the whole, it enhances the efficiency and engagement of students during 
training. 
 
 
 
 
 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 99 
3.Performance evaluation 
The Performance Evaluation module allows coaches to evaluate and chart performance of players. Some 
of the aspects on which coaches can assign performance points include skill, effort and consistency. It 
makes it possible to add detailed comments and feedback concerning the players. The system keeps the 
data on evaluation and makes changes in the performance records of the player. Past evaluations can be 
reviewed by coaches so that they can estimate progress. This module facilitates development of training 
on the basis of data. It guarantees openness between the coach and the player in terms of performance. 
All in all, it is an important aspect that promotes the development of the players 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 100 
4.Training Requests 
 
The Training Requests module enables coaches with management of incoming session requests of 
players. It shows contents including the player information, the most favorable schedule, and the training 
needs. Coaches will be able to check every request and d etermine if they want to accept it or not 
depending on the availability. The system reports status of the request and informs players of this. It 
assists the coaches in effectively scheduling and controlling their workload. The scheduling problems 
are also avoided in the module as it displays the traditional commitments. 
 
 
 
 
 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 101 
Business Owner interfaces 
1.Dashboard 
The Business Owner Dashboard is a tool that offers centralization of all the activities of the store on the 
platform. It presents the major information like sales performance, recent orders and listing of products. 
Different features such as inventory mana gement and the subscription details can be accessed quickly 
by the owners of the business. Other notifications that are also available to the dashboard ought to include 
alert of orders, stock and the system. Live data can be used to track performance and growth of business.  
 
 
 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 102 
2.Sales Overview 
Sales Overview module gives an in -depth information in the financial performance of the business. It 
also shows some of the main metrics like total revenue, quantified orders and sales over time. Graphs 
and visual charts can be used in the examination of p atterns and the determination of the periods when 
sales are highest. Owners of businesses are able to filter the data according to date ranges to make it 
easier to analyse. This module aids in tracking the performance of products and customer demand.  
 
 
 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 103 
3.Products 
Products module enables business owners to maintain their sport gears listing management with ease. It 
gives choices of adding, updating and deleting products in the store. The products have information, 
including name, category, price, stock quantity and photos. The system makes the product information 
to be updated in real time. Owners of business could track inventory status and control the stock. This 
module aids in sustaining a well organized and navigable marketplace. It also aids in enhancing the 
customer experience in terms of correct product knowledge. All in all, it is critical to proper product and 
inventory control. 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 104 
4.Subscription Plans 
The Subscription Plan module is used to organize the listing packages of the business owners in the 
platform. It shows the existing plans like Basic, Pro and Premium together with their features and 
price. The owners of the businesses would have the option of subscribing, upgrading, downgrading or 
renewing their plans when the need arises. The system maintains system status of subscriptions, expiry 
dates and listing limits. Safe payment processing guarantees safe transactions when one updates his/her 
subscription. Renewal notifications and plan changes are given out.  
 
 
 
 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 105 
4.3 Additional Information 
It is a Final Year Project being created by four students of the Bachelor of Science in Computer Science 
course of the University of Central Punjab, with the academic supervision of Prof. Sheeza Shabir. This 
work has been given the project identifier of FYP26-CS-G22. Any design decisions recorded during this 
specification can be directly traced to those non -functional and functional requirements that were first 
provided in the SRS Phase 1 document provided in the previous phase. The platform will actually b e a 
real-life prototype assuming practicality in the field of digital sports management as opposed to an 
academic project. 
 
5. Other Design Details 
The Sports Ecosystem Platform contains some varieties of design considerations that are new to the basic 
architectural and component ones that were covered in previous sections. This information will deal with 
particular behavioral needs, edge cases management approaches, and additional design decisions that all 
play a role in ensuring the overall consistency, justice, and integrity of the platform. 
Simultaneous Booking Disparagement. 
A design issue that can be technically complex in the platform is the ground booking workflow where 
several players may compete to book within the same time slot. To cope with this situation without 
inviting any cases of duplication of bookings, the system  employs a provisional slot booking system 
when a player book a slot and the payment has not been initiated. The chosen slot is placed as occupied 
in the database during a set period of time which is usually five minutes to allow the player ample time 
to finalize the payment process. In the event of successful payment in the same window, a hold is turned 
into a confirmed booking. In the event of defaulting services or the lapse of time during which the hold 
is not completed, it is automatically lifted and the slot will be set on available again. This strategy averts 
race conditions among simultaneous booking requests without the use of complicated locking systems 
of the database, which would slow down the normal user rate. 
Enforcement of Quota of Subscriptions. 
The quota system of listing products to business owners needs to be strictly observed ensuring that the 
owners do not go beyond the package limits by making consecutive submissions. Instead of verifying 
quota availability at the time submission of products, it will have a running number of used listing slots 
as a special variable on the subscription record. Each adding the product makes this counter go down 
and each deleting the product makes this counter go up. The service reads the value of the current counter 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 106 
and immediately it rejects the request when there is a current quota of creating a new product and it has 
already been served so sending a clear error is the only response the service will give back to the owner 
to upgrade his/her subscription. It is more effective than counting the active product records on each 
submission as a counter -based method is used, which assumes that a complete scan of the collection 
does not occur on a listing action attempt. 
Coach Freshness The recommendation was made to increase freshness to the maximum amount 
permitted by legal regulations.<|human|>Coach Recommendation Freshness 
 Determining the maximum amount of freshness allowed by legal regulations. 
The recommendation engine shall be configured to use live information againstrest results which means 
that once a newly verified coach is given to the player, they will instantly get a position on the list of 
recommendations as soon as the administrative approval is finalized. The new query on a database with 
the current state of coach collection based on the verification status, sport type, location proximity, and 
availability after each recommendation request. This method of real time computation was chosen over 
a pre -computed ranking cache because the number of coaches in the platform is currently not even 
sufficiently large to put live querying under a performance concern, and the logic of cache invalidation 
would be an added level of complexity, which this project cannot afford at this point in its development. 
Information- Accuracy of Account Suspension. 
The platform does not pace off or archive the records belonging to a user after that administrator suspends 
the user account. Active training sessions, pending bookings and open orders that are associated with a 
suspended account are retained in the database and will still retain their current status quos. This will be 
a good design choice because other stakeholders linked to the suspended user, such as coaches whose 
sessions have been booked in advance or business owners with awaiting orders, will not face  the issue 
of broken references or missing data. The account is only suspended and the user cannot log into it, but 
all the relational data associated with the account still exists and it will be available to the people involved 
in the accounts. 
Document Audit Trail: Verification. 
Each verification rejected or approved by an administrator committed to a coach or business owner 
registration is stored with a time critical and account identifier of the administrator. This audit trail is 
registered together with the verification status in user record and permanently accessible in the respect 
of the admin panel. The reason behind keeping this trail is so as to give accountability on the basis where 
there could be a verification decision and to also offer a point of reference in case of an applicant being 
rejected and wishes to challenge the decision or re-applies with new records at a later date. 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 107 
6. Revised Project Plan 
Sports Ecosystem Platform is already in its initial stages and much of the planning design has already 
been accomplished. This phase of the requirements analysis was successfully ended by the presentation 
of SRS Phase 1 which reflected all functional requi rements, specifications of use cases, interactions of 
actors, and non-functional constraints of all four user roles. Continuing on that basis, SDS Phase 2 has 
been done on system architecture, component design, database structure, data flow diagrams and 
interface specifications. 
The frontend prototype of all four role -based panels, namely; the Player, Coach, Business Owner, and 
Admin panel has been started on de domain of the frontend with the main layout framework, navigator, 
and initial screens established. Application Backend development is at an initial stage, and authentication 
service, user management endpoints partially developed. The schema of a database has been designed 
on the basis of the document model of MongoDB and collection structures are being configured. The 
frontend and the backend layers are yet to be integrated and are scheduled as an activity in the future. 
There was a slight delay when the interface design phase met the complexity of designing four different 
types of workflow per user which took a bit longer than the one initially calculated. This is delay that 
has been compensated on the existing schedule without much effect on the ultimate delivery schedule. 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 108 
7. References 
[1] Pressman, R. S., & Maxim, B. R. (2020). Software Engineering: A Practitioner's Approach  (9th Edition). 
McGraw-Hill Education, New York. Pages 145 -189 (Understanding Requirements). ISBN: 978 -1260548006. 
Available at: https://www.mheducation.com/highered/product/software-engineering-practitioner-s-approach-
pressman-maxim/M9781260548006.html 
[2] Dennis, A., Wixom, B. H., & Tegarden, D. (2021). Systems Analysis and Design: An Object -Oriented 
Approach with UML  (6th Edition). John Wiley & Sons, Hoboken, New Jersey. Pages 87 -134 (Requirements 
Determination). ISBN: 978 -1119803782. Available at: https://www.wiley.com/en-
us/Systems+Analysis+and+Design%3A+An+Object+Oriented+Approach+with+UML%2C+6th+Edition-p-
9781119803782 
[3] Pohl, K., & Rupp, C. (2021). Requirements Engineering Fundamentals: A Study Guide for the Certified 
Professional for Requirements Engineering Exam (3rd Edition). Rocky Nook, San Rafael, California. Pages 112-
167 (Requirements Elicitation and Documentation). ISBN: 978 -1681988825. Available at: 
https://rockynook.com/shop/photography/requirements-engineering-fundamentals-3rd-edition/ 
[4] IEEE Computer Society. (2018). ISO/IEC/IEEE International Standard - Systems and Software Engineering 
- Life Cycle Processes - Requirements Engineering. IEEE Std 29148-2018. Institute of Electrical and Electronics 
Engineers, New York. Pages 1-104. Available at: https://standards.ieee.org/standard/29148-2018.html 
[5] Leffingwell, D., & Widrig, D. (2020). Managing Software Requirements: A Use Case Approach (3rd Edition). 
Addison-Wesley Professional, Boston. Pages 201-256 (Use Case Modeling). ISBN: 978-0135792667. Available 
at: https://www.pearson.com/en-us/subject-catalog/p/managing-software-requirements-a-use-case-
approach/P200000003289 
[6] Seidl, M., Scholz, M., Huemer, C., & Kappel, G. (2022). UML @ Classroom: An Introduction to Object -
Oriented Modeling  (2nd Edition). Springer International Publishing, Cham, Switzerland. Pages 45 -98 (UML 
Diagrams and Notation). ISBN: 978 -3030828448. DOI: 10.1007/978 -3-030-82845-5. Available at: 
https://link.springer.com/book/10.1007/978-3-030-82845-5 
[7] Ramakrishnan, R., & Gehrke, J. (2023). Database Management Systems  (4th Edition). McGraw -Hill 
Education, New York. Pages 34-89 (Entity-Relationship Model and Database Design). ISBN: 978-1260507904. 
Available at: https://www.mheducation.com/highered/product/database-management-systems-ramakrishnan-
gehrke/M9781260507904.html 
[8] Kumar, A., Singh, R., & Sharma, P. (2022). Web -Based Sports Management Systems: A Comprehensive 
Review. International Journal of Advanced Computer Science and Applications (IJACSA) , Volume 13, Issue 6. 
Pages 234 -242. DOI: 10.14569/IJACSA.2022.0130629. Available at: 
https://thesai.org/Publications/ViewPaper?Volume=13&Issue=6&Code=IJACSA&SerialNo=29 
 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 109 
Appendix A: Glossary 
 
 
Appendix B: IV & V Report 
Duplicate ground booking in which two players would buy the same slot at the same time happened 
during testing of the ground booking module. The conflict was solved by introducing slot-locking and 
validation. Status: Resolved. Fix Time: 3 hours 30 minutes. 
There were incorrect coaches that are shown when testing the recommendation modules in the player 
search results. This problem was solved with the help of filters of verification in the visualization of 
coaches. Status: Resolved. Fix Time: 2 hours 15 minutes. 
When a player requested a session, a notification about the training was not sent to coaches. The 
problem was initiated in the notification service layer and resolved by fixing the event trigger in order 
to submit the request. Status: Resolved. Fix Time: 1 hour 45 minutes. 
After the testing of the attendance module, incorrect attendance records were maintained with the 
players at the end of the session. The problem was addressed by resolving database mapping on player 
IDs. Status: Resolved. Fix Time: 2 hours. 
The failure to make payments did not free up temporarily booked slots of the payment and booking 
integration tests. The problem was corrected and automatic rollback of failed payment was introduced. 
Status: Resolved. Fix Time: 4 hours 20 minutes. 
Owners of businesses could go beyond quota of products listed regardless of subscription plans. It is a 
flaw that arose in the subscription management module and was resolved through limitations on listing 
counts. Status: Resolved. Fix Time: 2 hours 40 minutes. 
JWT authentication tokens had too short a lifetime and were forced to keep logging in again during 
authentication testing. It was possible to resolve the problem by adding a duration of token validity and 
correct token refresh. Status: Resolved. Fix Time: 1 hour 30 minutes. 
Lack of inventory in Notification of low stocks was not activated in the business owner products in the 
case of inventory management testing. The fault was corrected by incorporating stock alerts which are 
threshold-based. Status: Resolved. Fix Time: 2 hours 10 minutes. 
When testing the reports in the analytics, the count of total bookings was not correct in the admin 
dashboard. The solution to this problem was to find a solution to the query on booking aggregation. 
Status: Resolved. Fix Time: 1 hour 50 minutes. 
Sports echosystem platform 
 
Fyp26-CS-G22 SDP Phase II (SDS) zPage 110 
During checking on the verification module, verification of coach verification documents were not 
uploading properly to a file storage. The problem was resolved through the amendment of the file 
upload API settings. Status: Resolved. Fix Time: 3 hours. 
During the testing of performance tracking, the score of player performance was not updated on the 
dashboard following assessments by coaches. It was determined that the problem was addressed by 
updating dashboard data after submission of evaluation. Status: Resolved. Fix Time: 2 hours 25 
minutes. 
Role-based access control made it possible to use the pages with accents of an Administrator in the 
process of security testing. This was resolved through making the authorization of the controlled routes 
stricter. Status: Resolved. Fix Time: 4 hours. 
(Independent verification & validation) 
IV & V Resource 
 
 
Name          Signature 
 
 
 
S# Defect Description Origin Stage Status Fix Time 
Hours Minutes 
1      
2      
3      
…      
Table 1: List of non-trivial defects 
 
 
This document has been adapted from the following: 
1. Previous project templates at UCP 
2. High-level Technical Design, Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services. (www.cms.gov) 